insert April (n.) The fourth month of the year. \ (n.) Fig.: With reference to April being the month in which vegetation begins to put forth, the variableness of its weather, etc.
insert August (a.) Of a quality inspiring mingled admiration and reverence; having an aspect of solemn dignity or grandeur; sublime; majestic; having exalted birth, character, state, or authority. \ (a.) The eighth month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert Christmas (n.) An annual church festival (December 25) and in some States a legal holiday, in memory of the birth of Christ, often celebrated by a particular church service, and also by special gifts, greetings, and hospitality.
insert December (n.) The twelfth and last month of the year, containing thirty-one days. During this month occurs the winter solstice. \ (n.) Fig.: With reference to the end of the year and to the winter season; as, the December of his life.
insert February (n.) The second month in the year, said to have been introduced into the Roman calendar by Numa. In common years this month contains twenty-eight days; in the bissextile, or leap year, it has twenty-nine days.
insert Friday (n.) The sixth day of the week, following Thursday and preceding Saturday.
insert I pro. the person speaking \ I, the ninth letter of the English alphabet, takes its form from the Phoenician, through the Latin and the Greek. The Phoenician letter was probably of Egyptian origin. Its original value was nearly the same as that of the Italian I, or long e as in mete. Etymologically I is most closely related to e, y, j, g; as in dint, dent, beverage, L. bibere; E. kin, AS. cynn; E. thin, AS. /ynne; E. dominion, donjon, dungeon. \ In our old authors, I was often used for ay (or aye), yes, which is pronounced nearly like it. \ As a numeral, I stands for 1, II for 2, etc. \ (object.) The nominative case of the pronoun of the first person; the word with which a speaker or writer denotes himself.
insert January (n.) The first month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert July (n.) The seventh month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert June (n.) The sixth month of the year, containing thirty days. \ (n.) The sister and wife of Jupiter, the queen of heaven, and the goddess who presided over marriage. She corresponds to the Greek Hera. \ (n.) One of the early discovered asteroids.
insert March (n.) The third month of the year, containing thirty-one days. \ (n.) A territorial border or frontier; a region adjacent to a boundary line; a confine; -- used chiefly in the plural, and in English history applied especially to the border land on the frontiers between England and Scotland, and England and Wales. \ (v. i.) To border; to be contiguous; to lie side by side. \ (v. i.) To move with regular steps, as a soldier; to walk in a grave, deliberate, or stately manner; to advance steadily. \ (v. i.) To proceed by walking in a body or in military order; as, the German army marched into France. \ (v. t.) TO cause to move with regular steps in the manner of a soldier; to cause to move in military array, or in a body, as troops; to cause to advance in a steady, regular; to cause to go by peremptory command, or by force. \ (n.) The act of marching; a movement of soldiers from one stopping place to another; military progress; advance of troops. \ (n.) Hence: Measured and regular advance or movement, like that of soldiers moving in order; stately or deliberate walk; steady onward movement. \ (n.) The distance passed over in marching, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles. \ (n.) A piece of music designed or fitted to accompany and guide the movement of troops; a piece of music in the march form.
insert May (v.) An auxiliary verb qualifyng the meaning of another verb, by expressing: (a) Ability, competency, or possibility; -- now oftener expressed by can. \ (n.) A maiden. \ (n.) The fifth month of the year, containing thirty-one days. \ (n.) The early part or springtime of life. \ (n.) The flowers of the hawthorn; -- so called from their time of blossoming; also, the hawthorn. \ (n.) The merrymaking of May Day.
insert Miss (n.) A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a girl or a woman who has not been married. See Mistress, 5. \ (n.) A young unmarried woman or a girl; as, she is a miss of sixteen. \ (n.) A kept mistress. See Mistress, 4. \ (n.) In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player. \ (v. t.) To fail of hitting, reaching, getting, finding, seeing, hearing, etc., to miss the mark one shoots at; to miss the train by being late; to miss opportunites of getting knowledge; to miss the point or meaning of something said. \ (v. t.) To omit; to fail to have or to do; to get without; to dispense with; -- now seldom applied to persons. \ (v. t.) To discover the absence or omission of; to feel the want of; to mourn the loss of; to want. \ (v. i.) To fail to hit; to fly wide; to deviate from the true direction. \ (v. i.) To fail to obtain, learn, or find; -- with of. \ (v. i.) To go wrong; to err. \ (v. i.) To be absent, deficient, or wanting. \ (n.) The act of missing; failure to hit, reach, find, obtain, etc. \ (n.) Loss; want; felt absence. \ (n.) Mistake; error; fault. \ (n.) Harm from mistake.
insert Monday (n.) The second day of the week; the day following Sunday.
insert Mr. The customary abbreviation of Mister in writing and printing. See Master, 4.
insert Mrs. The customary abbreviation of Mistress when used as a title of courtesy, in writing and printing.
insert work v. to use physical or mental effort to make or do something; n. the effort used to make or to do something; that which needs effort; the job one does to earn money
insert world n. the earth; the people who live on the earth \ (n.) The earth and the surrounding heavens; the creation; the system of created things; existent creation; the universe. \ (n.) Any planet or heavenly body, especially when considered as inhabited, and as the scene of interests analogous with human interests; as, a plurality of worlds. \ (n.) The earth and its inhabitants, with their concerns; the sum of human affairs and interests. \ (n.) In a more restricted sense, that part of the earth and its concerns which is known to any one, or contemplated by any one; a division of the globe, or of its inhabitants; human affairs as seen from a certain position, or from a given point of view; also, state of existence; scene of life and action, the Old World; the New World; the religious world; the Catholic world; the upper world; the future world; the heathen world. \ (n.) The customs, practices, and interests of men; general affairs of life; human society; public affairs and occupations, a knowledge of the world. \ (n.) Individual experience of, or concern with, life; course of life; sum of the affairs which affect the individual, to begin the world with no property; to lose all, and begin the world anew. \ (n.) The inhabitants of the earth; the human race; people in general; the public; mankind. \ (n.) The earth and its affairs as distinguished from heaven; concerns of this life as distinguished from those of the life to come; the present existence and its interests; hence, secular affairs; engrossment or absorption in the affairs of this life; worldly corruption; the ungodly or wicked part of mankind. \ (n.) As an emblem of immensity, a great multitude or quantity; a large number.
insert worry v. to be concerned; to continue thinking that something, possibly bad, can happen \ (v. t.) To harass by pursuit and barking; to attack repeatedly; also, to tear or mangle with the teeth. \ (v. t.) To harass or beset with importunity, or with care an anxiety; to vex; to annoy; to torment; to tease; to fret; to trouble; to plague. \ (v. t.) To harass with labor; to fatigue. \ (v. i.) To feel or express undue care and anxiety; to manifest disquietude or pain; to be fretful; to chafe; as, the child worries; the horse worries. \ (n.) A state of undue solicitude; a state of disturbance from care and anxiety; vexation; anxiety; fret, to be in a worry.
insert worst (a.) Bad, evil, or pernicious, in the highest degree, whether in a physical or moral sense. See Worse. \ (n.) That which is most bad or evil; the most severe, pernicious, calamitous, or wicked state or degree. \ (a.) To gain advantage over, in contest or competition; to get the better of; to defeat; to overthrow; to discomfit. \ (v. i.) To grow worse; to deteriorate.
insert would (imp.) of Will \ (v. t.) Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will. \ (n.) See 2d Weld.
insert write v. to use an instrument to make words appear on a surface, such as paper \ (v. t.) To set down, as legible characters; to form the conveyance of meaning; to inscribe on any material by a suitable instrument; as, to write the characters called letters; to write figures. \ (v. t.) To set down for reading; to express in legible or intelligible characters; to inscribe, to write a deed; to write a bill of divorcement; hence, specifically, to set down in an epistle; to communicate by letter. \ (v. t.) Hence, to compose or produce, as an author. \ (v. t.) To impress durably; to imprint; to engrave, truth written on the heart. \ (v. t.) To make known by writing; to record; to prove by one's own written testimony; -- often used reflexively. \ (v. i.) To form characters, letters, or figures, as representative of sounds or ideas; to express words and sentences by written signs. \ (v. i.) To be regularly employed or occupied in writing, copying, or accounting; to act as clerk or amanuensis, he writes in one of the public offices. \ (v. i.) To frame or combine ideas, and express them in written words; to play the author; to recite or relate in books; to compose. \ (v. i.) To compose or send letters.
insert wrong ad. not correct; bad; not legal; opposite right \ imp. of Wring. Wrung. \ (a.) Twisted; wry; as, a wrong nose. \ (a.) Not according to the laws of good morals, whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true, a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires. \ (a.) Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect, to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way. \ (a.) Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous, a wrong statement. \ (a.) Designed to be worn or placed inward, the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth. \ (adv.) In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly. \ (a.) That which is not right. \ (a.) Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority, divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right. \ (a.) Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error, to be in the wrong. \ (a.) Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually, an act that involves evil consequences, as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to, or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right. \ (v. t.) To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right, or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure. \ (v. t.) To impute evil to unjustly, if you suppose me capable of a base act, you wrong me.
insert yard (v. i.) A rod; a stick; a staff. \ (v. i.) A branch; a twig. \ (v. i.) A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc. \ (v. i.) A measure of length, equaling three feet, or thirty-six inches, being the standard of English and American measure. \ (v. i.) The penis. \ (v. i.) A long piece of timber, nearly cylindrical, tapering toward the ends, and designed to support and extend a square sail. A yard is usually hung by the center to the mast. See Illust. of Ship. \ (n.) An inclosure; usually, a small inclosed place in front of, or around, a house or barn; as, a courtyard; a cowyard; a barnyard. \ (n.) An inclosure within which any work or business is carried on, a dockyard; a shipyard. \ (v. t.) To confine (cattle) to the yard; to shut up, or keep, in a yard, to yard cows. \ (n.) A place where moose or deer herd together in winter for pasture, protection, etc.
insert year n. a period of time equal to twelve months \ (n.) The time of the apparent revolution of the sun trough the ecliptic; the period occupied by the earth in making its revolution around the sun, called the astronomical year; also, a period more or less nearly agreeing with this, adopted by various nations as a measure of time, and called the civil year; as, the common lunar year of 354 days, still in use among the Mohammedans; the year of 360 days, etc. In common usage, the year consists of 365 days, and every fourth year (called bissextile, or leap year) of 366 days, a day being added to February on that year, on account of the excess above 365 days (see Bissextile). \ (n.) The time in which any planet completes a revolution about the sun, the year of Jupiter or of Saturn. \ (n.) Age, or old age, a man in years.
insert yellow ad. having the color like that of gold or the sun \ (superl.) Being of a bright saffronlike color; of the color of gold or brass; having the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is between the orange and the green. \ (n.) A bright golden color, reflecting more light than any other except white; the color of that part of the spectrum which is between the orange and green. \ (n.) A yellow pigment. \ (v. t.) To make yellow; to cause to have a yellow tinge or color; to dye yellow. \ (v. i.) To become yellow or yellower. \ (a.) Cowardly; hence, dishonorable; mean; contemptible; as, he has a yellow streak. \ (a.) Sensational; -- said of some newspapers, their makers, etc., yellow journal, journalism
insert yes ad. used to express agreement or to permit \ (adv.) Ay; yea; -- a word which expresses affirmation or consent; -- opposed to no.
insert yesterday n. the day before today \ (n.) The day last past; the day next before the present. \ (n.) Fig.: A recent time; time not long past. \ (adv.) On the day last past; on the day preceding to-day; as, the affair took place yesterday.
insert you pro. the person or persons being spoken to \ (dat. & obj.) The pronoun of the second person, in the nominative, dative, and objective case, indicating the person or persons addressed. See the Note under Ye.
insert young ad. in the early years of life; not old \ (superl.) Not long born; still in the first part of life; not yet arrived at adolescence, maturity, or age; not old; juvenile; -- said of animals; as, a young child; a young man; a young fawn. \ (superl.) Being in the first part, pr period, of growth, a young plant; a young tree. \ (superl.) Having little experience; inexperienced; unpracticed; ignorant; weak. \ (n.) The offspring of animals, either a single animal or offspring collectively.
insert your (pron. & a.) The form of the possessive case of the personal pronoun you.
insert yours (pron.) See the Note under Your.
insert zoo n. a place where animals are kept for the public to look at and study
insert island n. a land area with water all around it \ (n.) A tract of land surrounded by water, and smaller than a continent. Cf. Continent. \ (n.) Anything regarded as resembling an island; as, an island of ice. \ (n.) See Isle, n., 2. \ (v. t.) To cause to become or to resemble an island; to make an island or islands of; to isle. \ (v. t.) To furnish with an island or with islands, to island the deep.
insert it pro. a thing, place, event or idea that is being spoken about ("The sky is blue, but it also has a few white clouds.") \ (pron.) The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural (they, their or theirs, them). \ (pron.) As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the book, take it home. \ (pron.) As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence, pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or referring to that which apparent or well known, I saw it was John. \ (pron.) As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb, it snows; it rains. \ (pron.) As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs, the condition of things, and the like, how is it with the sick man? \ (pron.) As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a substantive used humorously as a verb, to foot it (i. e., to walk).
insert its Possessive form of the pronoun it. See It.
insert jam (n.) A kind of frock for children. \ (n.) See Jamb. \ (v. t.) To press into a close or tight position; to crowd; to squeeze; to wedge in. \ (v. t.) To crush or bruise; as, to jam a finger in the crack of a door. \ (v. t.) To bring (a vessel) so close to the wind that half her upper sails are laid aback. \ (n.) A mass of people or objects crowded together; also, the pressure from a crowd; a crush, a jam in a street; a jam of logs in a river. \ (n.) An injury caused by jamming. \ (n.) A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
insert job n. the work that one does to earn money
insert join v. to put together or come together; to become part of or a member of \ (v. t.) To bring together, literally or figuratively; to place in contact; to connect; to couple; to unite; to combine; to associate; to add; to append. \ (v. t.) To associate one's self to; to be or become connected with; to league one's self with; to unite with; as, to join a party; to join the church. \ (v. t.) To unite in marriage. \ (v. t.) To enjoin upon; to command. \ (v. t.) To accept, or engage in, as a contest, to join encounter, battle, issue. \ (v. i.) To be contiguous, close, or in contact; to come together; to mingle; to form a union, the hones of the skull join; two rivers join. \ (n.) The line joining two points; the point common to two intersecting lines.
insert joke n. something done or said to cause others to laugh \ (n.) Something said for the sake of exciting a laugh; something witty or sportive (commonly indicating more of hilarity or humor than jest); a jest; a witticism; as, to crack good-natured jokes. \ (n.) Something not said seriously, or not actually meant; something done in sport. \ (v. t.) To make merry with; to make jokes upon; to rally; to banter, to joke a comrade. \ (v. i.) To do something for sport, or as a joke; to be merry in words or actions; to jest.
insert joy (n.) The passion or emotion excited by the acquisition or expectation of good; pleasurable feelings or emotions caused by success, good fortune, and the like, or by a rational prospect of possessing what we love or desire; gladness; exhilaration of spirits; delight. \ (n.) That which causes joy or happiness. \ (n.) The sign or exhibition of joy; gayety; mirth; merriment; festivity. \ (n.) To rejoice; to be glad; to delight; to exult. \ (v. t.) To give joy to; to congratulate. \ (v. t.) To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate. \ (v. t.) To enjoy.
insert juice (n.) The characteristic fluid of any vegetable or animal substance; the sap or part which can be expressed from fruit, etc.; the fluid part which separates from meat in cooking. \ (v. t.) To moisten; to wet.
insert jump v. to push down on the feet and move up quickly into the air \ (n.) A kind of loose jacket for men. \ (n.) A bodice worn instead of stays by women in the 18th century. \ (v. i.) To spring free from the ground by the muscular action of the feet and legs; to project one's self through the air; to spring; to bound; to leap. \ (v. i.) To move as if by jumping; to bounce; to jolt. \ (v. i.) To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; -- followed by with. \ (v. t.) To pass by a spring or leap; to overleap; as, to jump a stream. \ (v. t.) To cause to jump, he jumped his horse across the ditch. \ (v. t.) To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard. \ (v. t.) To join by a butt weld. \ (v. t.) To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset. \ (v. t.) To bore with a jumper. \ (n.) The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound. \ (n.) An effort; an attempt; a venture. \ (n.) The space traversed by a leap. \ (n.) A dislocation in a stratum; a fault. \ (n.) An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry. \ (a.) Nice; exact; matched; fitting; precise. \ (adv.) Exactly; pat.
insert junior (a.) Less advanced in age than another; younger. \ (a.) Lower in standing or in rank; later in office; as, a junior partner; junior counsel; junior captain. \ (a.) Composed of juniors, whether younger or a lower standing, the junior class; of or pertaining to juniors or to a junior class. See Junior, n., 2. \ (n.) Belonging to a younger person, or an earlier time of life. \ (n.) A younger person. \ (n.) Hence: One of a lower or later standing; specifically, in American colleges, one in the third year of his course, one in the fourth or final year being designated a senior; in some seminaries, one in the first year, in others, one in the second year, of a three years' course.
insert just ad. only ("Help me for just a minute."); very shortly before or after the present ("He just left."); at the same time ("He left just as I came in."); what is right or fair ("The law is just, in my opinion.") \ (a.) Conforming or conformable to rectitude or justice; not doing wrong to any; violating no right or obligation; upright; righteous; honest; true; -- said both of persons and things. \ (a.) Not transgressing the requirement of truth and propriety; conformed to the truth of things, to reason, or to a proper standard; exact; normal; reasonable; regular; due; as, a just statement; a just inference. \ (a.) Rendering or disposed to render to each one his due; equitable; fair; impartial, just judge. \ (adv.) Precisely; exactly; -- in place, time, or degree; neither more nor less than is stated. \ (adv.) Closely; nearly; almost. \ (adv.) Barely; merely; scarcely; only; by a very small space or time, he just missed the train; just too late. \ (v. i.) To joust. \ (n.) A joust.
insert keep v. to possess; to have for oneself \ (v. t.) To care; to desire. \ (v. t.) To hold; to restrain from departure or removal; not to let go of; to retain in one's power or possession; not to lose; to retain; to detain. \ (v. t.) To cause to remain in a given situation or condition; to maintain unchanged; to hold or preserve in any state or tenor. \ (v. t.) To have in custody; to have in some place for preservation; to take charge of. \ (v. t.) To preserve from danger, harm, or loss; to guard. \ (v. t.) To preserve from discovery or publicity; not to communicate, reveal, or betray, as a secret. \ (v. t.) To attend upon; to have the care of; to tend. \ (v. t.) To record transactions, accounts, or events in; as, to keep books, a journal, etc. ; also, to enter (as accounts, records, etc. ) in a book. \ (v. t.) To maintain, as an establishment, institution, or the like; to conduct; to manage, to keep store. \ (v. t.) To supply with necessaries of life; to entertain, to keep boarders. \ (v. t.) To have in one's service; to have and maintain, as an assistant, a servant, a mistress, a horse, etc. \ (v. t.) To have habitually in stock for sale. \ (v. t.) To continue in, as a course or mode of action; not to intermit or fall from; to hold to; to maintain, to keep silence; to keep one's word; to keep possession. \ (v. t.) To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; not to swerve from or violate; to practice or perform, as duty; not to neglect; to be faithful to. \ (v. t.) To confine one's self to; not to quit; to remain in, to keep one's house, room, bed; hence, to haunt; to frequent. \ (v. t.) To observe duty, as a festival; to celebrate; to solemnize, to keep a feast. \ (v. i.) To remain in any position or state; to continue; to abide; to stay, to keep at a distance; to keep aloft; to keep near; to keep in the house; to keep before or behind; to keep in favor; to keep out of company, or out reach. \ (v. i.) To last; to endure; to remain unimpaired. \ (v. i.) To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell. \ (v. i.) To take care; to be solicitous; to watch. \ (v. i.) To be in session, school keeps to-day. \ (n.) The act or office of keeping; custody; guard; care; heed; charge. \ (n.) The state of being kept, the resulting condition; case, to be in good keep. \ (n.) The means or provisions by which one is kept; maintenance; support, the keep of a horse. \ (n.) That which keeps or protects; a stronghold; a fortress; a castle; specifically, the strongest and securest part of a castle, often used as a place of residence by the lord of the castle, especially during a siege; the donjon. See Illust. of Castle. \ (n.) That which is kept in charge; a charge. \ (n.) A cap for retaining anything, as a journal box, in place.
insert key (n.) An instrument by means of which the bolt of a lock is shot or drawn; usually, a removable metal instrument fitted to the mechanism of a particular lock and operated by turning in its place. \ (n.) An instrument which is turned like a key in fastening or adjusting any mechanism; as, a watch key; a bed key, etc. \ (n.) That part of an instrument or machine which serves as the means of operating it, a telegraph key; the keys of a pianoforte, or of a typewriter. \ (n.) A position or condition which affords entrance, control, pr possession, etc., the key of a line of defense; the key of a country; the key of a political situation. Hence, that which serves to unlock, open, discover, or solve something unknown or difficult, the key to a riddle; the key to a problem. \ (n.) That part of a mechanism which serves to lock up, make fast, or adjust to position. \ (n.) A piece of wood used as a wedge. \ (n.) The last board of a floor when laid down. \ (n.) A keystone. \ (n.) That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place. \ (n.) A wedge to unite two or more pieces, or adjust their relative position; a cotter; a forelock. \ (n.) A bar, pin or wedge, to secure a crank, pulley, coupling, upon a shaft, and prevent relative turning; sometimes holding by friction alone, but more frequently by its resistance to shearing, being usually embedded partly in the shaft and partly in the crank, etc. \ (n.) An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara; -- called also key fruit. \ (n.) A family of tones whose regular members are called diatonic tones, and named key tone (or tonic) or one (or eight), mediant or three, dominant or five, subdominant or four, submediant or six, supertonic or two, and subtonic or seven. Chromatic tones are temporary members of a key, under such names as " sharp four," "flat seven," etc. Scales and tunes of every variety are made from the tones of a key. \ (n.) The fundamental tone of a movement to which its modulations are referred, and with which it generally begins and ends; keynote. \ (n.) Fig: The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance. \ (v. t.) To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges. \ (n.) A metallic lever by which the circuit of the sending or transmitting part of a station equipment may be easily and rapidly opened and closed; any device for closing or opening an electric circuit. \ (n.) A simplified version or analysis which accompanies something as a clue to its explanation, a book or table containing the solutions to problems, ciphers, allegories, or the like, or a table or synopsis of conspicuous distinguishing characters of members of a taxonomic group. \ A bar or key, in a typewriter or typesetting machine, used for spacing between letters.
insert kick v. to hit with the foot \ (v. t.) To strike, thrust, or hit violently with the foot; as, a horse kicks a groom; a man kicks a dog. \ (v. i.) To thrust out the foot or feet with violence; to strike out with the foot or feet, as in defense or in bad temper; esp., to strike backward, as a horse does, or to have a habit of doing so. Hence, figuratively: To show ugly resistance, opposition, or hostility; to spurn. \ (v. i.) To recoil; -- said of a musket, cannon, etc. \ (n.) A blow with the foot or feet; a striking or thrust with the foot. \ (n.) The projection on the tang of the blade of a pocket knife, which prevents the edge of the blade from striking the spring. See Illust. of Pocketknife. \ (n.) A projection in a mold, to form a depression in the surface of the brick. \ (n.) The recoil of a musket or other firearm, when discharged.
insert kid (n.) A young goat. \ (n.) A young child or infant; hence, a simple person, easily imposed on. \ (n.) A kind of leather made of the skin of the young goat, or of the skin of rats, etc. \ (n.) Gloves made of kid. \ (n.) A small wooden mess tub; -- a name given by sailors to one in which they receive their food. \ (v. i.) To bring forth a young goat. \ (n.) A fagot; a bundle of heath and furze. \ (p. p.) of Kythe. \ (v. t.) See Kiddy, v. t. \ (n.) Among pugilists, thieves, etc., a youthful expert; -- chiefly used attributively; as, kid Jones.
insert kill v. to make dead; to cause to die \ (n.) A kiln. \ (n.) A channel or arm of the sea; a river; a stream; as, the channel between Staten Island and Bergen Neck is the Kill van Kull, or the Kills; -- used also in composition, Schuylkill, Catskill, etc. \ (v. t.) To deprive of life, animal or vegetable, in any manner or by any means; to render inanimate; to put to death; to slay. \ (v. t.) To destroy; to ruin, to kill one's chances; to kill the sale of a book. \ (v. t.) To cause to cease; to quell; to calm; to still, in seamen's language, a shower of rain kills the wind. \ (v. t.) To destroy the effect of; to counteract; to neutralize, alkali kills acid. \ (n.) The act of killing. \ (n.) An animal killed in the hunt, as by a beast of prey.
