insert absolute (a.) Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional; as, absolute authority, monarchy, sovereignty, an absolute promise or command; absolute power; an absolute monarch. \ (a.) Complete in itself; perfect; consummate; faultless, absolute perfection; absolute beauty. \ (a.) Viewed apart from modifying influences or without comparison with other objects; actual; real; -- opposed to relative and comparative, absolute motion; absolute time or space. \ (a.) Loosed from, or unconnected by, dependence on any other being; self-existent; self-sufficing. \ (a.) Capable of being thought or conceived by itself alone; unconditioned; non-relative. \ (a.) Positive; clear; certain; not doubtful. \ (a.) Authoritative; peremptory. \ (a.) Pure; unmixed, absolute alcohol. \ (a.) Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence in government, the case absolute. See Ablative absolute, under Ablative. \ (n.) In a plane, the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions, the imaginary circle at infinity.
insert accident n. something that happens by chance or mistake; an unplanned event \ (n.) Literally, a befalling; an event that takes place without one's foresight or expectation; an undesigned, sudden, and unexpected event; chance; contingency; often, an undesigned and unforeseen occurrence of an afflictive or unfortunate character; a casualty; a mishap; as, to die by an accident. \ (n.) A property attached to a word, but not essential to it, as gender, number, case. \ (n.) A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms. \ (n.) A property or quality of a thing which is not essential to it, as whiteness in paper; an attribute. \ (n.) A quality or attribute in distinction from the substance, as sweetness, softness. \ (n.) Any accidental property, fact, or relation; an accidental or nonessential, beauty is an accident. \ (n.) Unusual appearance or effect.
insert across ad. from side to side; to the other side \ (n.) From side to side; athwart; crosswise, or in a direction opposed to the length; quite over; as, a bridge laid across a river. \ (adv.) From side to side, with arms folded across. \ (adv.) Obliquely; amiss; awry.
insert actor n. someone acting in a play or show \ (n.) One who acts, or takes part in any affair; a doer. \ (n.) A theatrical performer; a stageplayer. \ (n.) An advocate or proctor in civil courts or causes. \ (n.) One who institutes a suit; plaintiff or complainant.
insert airplane n. a vehicle with wings that flies
insert any ad. one or more of no special kind \ (a. & pron.) One indifferently, out of an indefinite number; one indefinitely, whosoever or whatsoever it may be. \ (a. & pron.) Some, of whatever kind, quantity, or number; as, are there any witnesses present? are there any other houses like it? \ (adv.) To any extent; in any degree; at all.
insert apple (n.) The fleshy pome or fruit of a rosaceous tree (Pyrus malus) cultivated in numberless varieties in the temperate zones. \ (n.) Any tree genus Pyrus which has the stalk sunken into the base of the fruit; an apple tree. \ (n.) Any fruit or other vegetable production resembling, or supposed to resemble, the apple; as, apple of love, or love apple (a tomato), balsam apple, egg apple, oak apple. \ (n.) Anything round like an apple, an apple of gold. \ (v. i.) To grow like an apple; to bear apples.
insert appointment (n.) The act of appointing; designation of a person to hold an office or discharge a trust; as, he erred by the appointment of unsuitable men. \ (n.) The state of being appointed to som/ service or office; an office to which one is appointed; station; position; an, the appointment of treasurer. \ (n.) Stipulation; agreement; the act of fixing by mutual agreement. Hence:: Arrangement for a meeting; engagement, they made an appointment to meet at six. \ (n.) Decree; direction; established order or constitution, to submit to the divine appointments. \ (n.) The exercise of the power of designating (under a "power of appointment") a person to enjoy an estate or other specific property; also, the instrument by which the designation is made. \ (n.) Equipment, furniture, as for a ship or an army; whatever is appointed for use and management; outfit; (pl.) the accouterments of military officers or soldiers, as belts, sashes, swords. \ (n.) An allowance to a person, esp. to a public officer; a perquisite; -- properly only in the plural. \ (n.) A honorary part or exercise, as an oration, etc., at a public exhibition of a college, to have an appointment.
insert area n. any place or part of it \ (n.) Any plane surface, as of the floor of a room or church, or of the ground within an inclosure; an open space in a building. \ (n.) The inclosed space on which a building stands. \ (n.) The sunken space or court, giving ingress and affording light to the basement of a building. \ (n.) An extent of surface; a tract of the earth's surface; a region; as, vast uncultivated areas. \ (n.) The superficial contents of any figure; the surface included within any given lines; superficial extent, the area of a square or a triangle. \ (n.) A spot or small marked space, the germinative area. \ (n.) Extent; scope; range, a wide area of thought.
insert arm (n.) The limb of the human body which extends from the shoulder to the hand; also, the corresponding limb of a monkey. \ (n.) Anything resembling an arm \ (n.) The fore limb of an animal, as of a bear. \ (n.) A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal. \ (n.) A branch of a tree. \ (n.) A slender part of an instrument or machine, projecting from a trunk, axis, or fulcrum; as, the arm of a steelyard. \ (n.) The end of a yard, the part of an anchor which ends in the fluke. \ (n.) An inlet of water from the sea. \ (n.) A support for the elbow, at the side of a chair, the end of a sofa, etc. \ (n.) Fig.: Power; might; strength; support, the secular arm; the arm of the law. \ (n.) A branch of the military service, the cavalry arm was made efficient. \ (n.) A weapon of offense or defense; an instrument of warfare; -- commonly in the pl. \ (v. t.) To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms. \ (v. t.) To furnish with arms or limbs. \ (v. t.) To furnish or equip with weapons of offense or defense, to arm soldiers; to arm the country. \ (v. t.) To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency, to arm the hit of a sword; to arm a hook in angling. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To furnish with means of defense; to prepare for resistance; to fortify, in a moral sense. \ (v. i.) To provide one's self with arms, weapons, or means of attack or resistance; to take arms.
insert army n. military ground forces \ (n.) A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers. \ (n.) A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as, the Blue Ribbon Army. \ (n.) A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
insert around ad. on every side (of) \ (adv.) In a circle; circularly; on every side; round. \ (adv.) In a circuit; here and there within the surrounding space; all about; as, to travel around from town to town. \ (adv.) Near; in the neighborhood, this man was standing around when the fight took place. \ (prep.) On all sides of; encircling; encompassing; so as to make the circuit of; about. \ (prep.) From one part to another of; at random through; about; on another side of, to travel around the country; a house standing around the corner.
insert awful (a.) Oppressing with fear or horror; appalling; terrible; as, an awful scene. \ (a.) Inspiring awe; filling with profound reverence, or with fear and admiration; fitted to inspire reverential fear; profoundly impressive. \ (a.) Struck or filled with awe; terror-stricken. \ (a.) Worshipful; reverential; law-abiding. \ (a.) Frightful; exceedingly bad; great; -- applied intensively, an awful bonnet; an awful boaster.
insert baking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Bake \ (n.) The act or process of cooking in an oven, or of drying and hardening by heat or cold. \ (n.) The quantity baked at once; a batch; as, a baking of bread.
insert battle n. a fight between opposing armed forces \ (a.) Fertile. See Battel, a. \ (v. t.) A general action, fight, or encounter, in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat. \ (v. t.) A struggle; a contest; as, the battle of life. \ (v. t.) A division of an army; a battalion. \ (v. t.) The main body, as distinct from the van and rear; battalia. \ (n.) To join in battle; to contend in fight, to battle over theories. \ (v. t.) To assail in battle; to fight.
insert bedroom (n.) A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room. \ (n.) Room in a bed.
insert believe v. to think; to feel sure of; to accept as true; to trust \ (n.) To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of, upon evidence furnished by reasons, arguments, and deductions of the mind, or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as, to believe a person, a statement, or a doctrine. \ (v. i.) To have a firm persuasion, esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith. \ (v. i.) To think; to suppose.
insert bound (imp.) of Bind \ (p. p.) of Bind \ (n.) The external or limiting line, either real or imaginary, of any object or space; that which limits or restrains, or within which something is limited or restrained; limit; confine; extent; boundary. \ (v. t.) To limit; to terminate; to fix the furthest point of extension of; -- said of natural or of moral objects; to lie along, or form, a boundary of; to inclose; to circumscribe; to restrain; to confine. \ (v. t.) To name the boundaries of; as, to bound France. \ (v. i.) To move with a sudden spring or leap, or with a succession of springs or leaps; as the beast bounded from his den; the herd bounded across the plain. \ (v. i.) To rebound, as an elastic ball. \ (v. t.) To make to bound or leap, to bound a horse. \ (v. t.) To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound, to bound a ball on the floor. \ (n.) A leap; an elastic spring; a jump. \ (n.) Rebound, the bound of a ball. \ (n.) Spring from one foot to the other. \ imp. & p. p. of Bind. \ (p. p. & a.) Restrained by a hand, rope, chain, fetters, or the like. \ (p. p. & a.) Inclosed in a binding or cover, a bound volume. \ (p. p. & a.) Under legal or moral restraint or obligation. \ (p. p. & a.) Constrained or compelled; destined; certain; -- followed by the infinitive, he is bound to succeed; he is bound to fail. \ (p. p. & a.) Resolved, I am bound to do it. \ (p. p. & a.) Constipated; costive. \ (v.) Ready or intending to go; on the way toward; going; -- with to or for, or with an adverb of motion, a ship is bound to Cadiz, or for Cadiz.
insert bucket (n.) A vessel for drawing up water from a well, or for catching, holding, or carrying water, sap, or other liquids. \ (n.) A vessel (as a tub or scoop) for hoisting and conveying coal, ore, grain, etc. \ (n.) One of the receptacles on the rim of a water wheel into which the water rushes, causing the wheel to revolve; also, a float of a paddle wheel. \ (n.) The valved piston of a lifting pump. \ (v. t.) To draw or lift in, or as if in, buckets; as, to bucket water. \ (v. t.) To pour over from a bucket; to drench. \ (v. t.) To ride (a horse) hard or mercilessly. \ (v. t.) To make, or cause to make (the recovery), with a certain hurried or unskillful forward swing of the body.
insert burst v. to break open suddenly \ (imp. & p. p.) of Burst \ (v. i.) To fly apart or in pieces; of break open; to yield to force or pressure, especially to a sudden and violent exertion of force, or to pressure from within; to explode; as, the boiler had burst; the buds will burst in spring. \ (v. i.) To exert force or pressure by which something is made suddenly to give way; to break through obstacles or limitations; hence, to appear suddenly and unexpectedly or unaccountably, or to depart in such manner; -- usually with some qualifying adverb or preposition, as forth, out, away, into, upon, through, etc. \ (v. t.) To break or rend by violence, as by an overcharge or by strain or pressure, esp. from within; to force open suddenly, to burst a cannon; to burst a blood vessel; to burst open the doors. \ (v. t.) To break. \ (v. t.) To produce as an effect of bursting, to burst a hole through the wall. \ (n.) A sudden breaking forth; a violent rending; an explosion, a burst of thunder; a burst of applause; a burst of passion; a burst of inspiration. \ (n.) Any brief, violent exertion or effort; a spurt, a burst of speed. \ (n.) A sudden opening, as of landscape; a stretch; an expanse. \ (n.) A rupture or hernia; a breach.
insert bush (n.) A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest. \ (n.) A shrub; esp., a shrub with branches rising from or near the root; a thick shrub or a cluster of shrubs. \ (n.) A shrub cut off, or a shrublike branch of a tree; as, bushes to support pea vines. \ (n.) A shrub or branch, properly, a branch of ivy (as sacred to Bacchus), hung out at vintners' doors, or as a tavern sign; hence, a tavern sign, and symbolically, the tavern itself. \ (n.) The tail, or brush, of a fox. \ (v. i.) To branch thickly in the manner of a bush. \ (v. t.) To set bushes for; to support with bushes, to bush peas. \ (v. t.) To use a bush harrow on (land), for covering seeds sown; to harrow with a bush, to bush a piece of land; to bush seeds into the ground. \ (n.) A lining for a hole to make it smaller; a thimble or ring of metal or wood inserted in a plate or other part of machinery to receive the wear of a pivot or arbor. \ (n.) A piece of copper, screwed into a gun, through which the venthole is bored. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a bush, or lining, to bush a pivot hole.
insert butterfly (n.) A general name for the numerous species of diurnal Lepidoptera.
insert candy (v. t.) To conserve or boil in sugar; as, to candy fruits; to candy ginger. \ (v. t.) To make sugar crystals of or in; to form into a mass resembling candy, to candy sirup. \ (v. t.) To incrust with sugar or with candy, or with that which resembles sugar or candy. \ (v. i.) To have sugar crystals form in or on, fruits preserved in sugar candy after a time. \ (v. i.) To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass. \ (v. t.) A more or less solid article of confectionery made by boiling sugar or molasses to the desired consistency, and than crystallizing, molding, or working in the required shape. It is often flavored or colored, and sometimes contains fruit, nuts, etc. \ (n.) A weight, at Madras 500 pounds, at Bombay 560 pounds.
insert carrot (n.) An umbelliferous biennial plant (Daucus Carota), of many varieties. \ (n.) The esculent root of cultivated varieties of the plant, usually spindle-shaped, and of a reddish yellow color.
insert cassette (n.) Same as Seggar.
insert chair (n.) A movable single seat with a back. \ (n.) An official seat, as of a chief magistrate or a judge, but esp. that of a professor; hence, the office itself. \ (n.) The presiding officer of an assembly; a chairman; as, to address the chair. \ (n.) A vehicle for one person; either a sedan borne upon poles, or two-wheeled carriage, drawn by one horse; a gig. \ (n.) An iron block used on railways to support the rails and secure them to the sleepers. \ (v. t.) To place in a chair. \ (v. t.) To carry publicly in a chair in triumph.
insert chairman n. a person leading a meeting or an organized group \ (n.) The presiding officer of a committee, or of a public or private meeting, or of any organized body. \ (n.) One whose business it is to cary a chair or sedan.
insert chart (n.) A sheet of paper, pasteboard, or the like, on which information is exhibited, esp. when the information is arranged in tabular form; as, an historical chart. \ (n.) A map; esp., a hydrographic or marine map; a map on which is projected a portion of water and the land which it surrounds, or by which it is surrounded, intended especially for the use of seamen, the United States Coast Survey charts; the English Admiralty charts. \ (n.) A written deed; a charter. \ (v. t.) To lay down in a chart; to map; to delineate, to chart a coast.
insert chicken (n.) A young bird or fowl, esp. a young barnyard fowl. \ (n.) A young person; a child; esp. a young woman; a maiden.
insert choose v. to decide between two or more \ (v. t.) To make choice of; to select; to take by way of preference from two or more objects offered; to elect; as, to choose the least of two evils. \ (v. t.) To wish; to desire; to prefer. \ (v. i.) To make a selection; to decide. \ (v. i.) To do otherwise.
insert comfort (v. t.) To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate. \ (v. t.) To assist or help; to aid. \ (v. t.) To impart strength and hope to; to encourage; to relieve; to console; to cheer. \ (n.) Assistance; relief; support. \ (n.) Encouragement; solace; consolation in trouble; also, that which affords consolation. \ (n.) A state of quiet enjoyment; freedom from pain, want, or anxiety, whatever contributes to such a condition. \ (n.) A wadded bedquilt; a comfortable. \ (n.) Unlawful support, countenance, or encouragement; as, to give aid and comfort to the enemy.
insert conduct (n.) The act or method of conducting; guidance; management. \ (n.) Skillful guidance or management; generalship. \ (n.) Convoy; escort; guard; guide. \ (n.) That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument. \ (n.) The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior. \ (n.) Plot; action; construction; manner of development. \ (n.) To lead, or guide; to escort; to attend. \ (n.) To lead, as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as, to conduct the affairs of a kingdom. \ (n.) To behave; -- with the reflexive, he conducted himself well. \ (n.) To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit, as heat, light, electricity, etc. \ (n.) To direct, as the leader in the performance of a musical composition. \ (v. i.) To act as a conductor (as of heat, electricity, etc.); to carry. \ (v. i.) To conduct one's self; to behave.
insert crazy (a.) Characterized by weakness or feebleness; decrepit; broken; falling to decay; shaky; unsafe. \ (a.) Broken, weakened, or dissordered in intellect; shattered; demented; deranged. \ (a.) Inordinately desirous; foolishly eager.
insert crop (n.) The pouchlike enlargement of the gullet of birds, serving as a receptacle for food; the craw. \ (n.) The top, end, or highest part of anything, especially of a plant or tree. \ (n.) That which is cropped, cut, or gathered from a single felld, or of a single kind of grain or fruit, or in a single season; especially, the product of what is planted in the earth; fruit; harvest. \ (n.) Grain or other product of the field while standing. \ (n.) Anything cut off or gathered. \ (n.) Hair cut close or short, or the act or style of so cutting; as, a convict's crop. \ (n.) A projecting ornament in carved stone. Specifically, a finial. \ (n.) Tin ore prepared for smelting. \ (n.) Outcrop of a vein or seam at the surface. \ (n.) A riding whip with a loop instead of a lash. \ (v. t.) To cut off the tops or tips of; to bite or pull off; to browse; to pluck; to mow; to reap. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To cut off, as if in harvest. \ (v. t.) To cause to bear a crop, to crop a field. \ (v. i.) To yield harvest.
insert curl (n.) To twist or form into ringlets; to crisp, as the hair. \ (n.) To twist or make onto coils, as a serpent's body. \ (n.) To deck with, or as with, curls; to ornament. \ (n.) To raise in waves or undulations; to ripple. \ (n.) To shape (the brim) into a curve. \ (v. i.) To contract or bend into curls or ringlets, as hair; to grow in curls or spirals, as a vine; to be crinkled or contorted; to have a curly appearance; as, leaves lie curled on the ground. \ (v. i.) To move in curves, spirals, or undulations; to contract in curving outlines; to bend in a curved form; to make a curl or curls. \ (v. i.) To play at the game called curling. \ (v.) A ringlet, especially of hair; anything of a spiral or winding form. \ (v.) An undulating or waving line or streak in any substance, as wood, glass, etc.; flexure; sinuosity. \ (v.) A disease in potatoes, in which the leaves, at their first appearance, seem curled and shrunken.
insert date n. an expression of time; a day, month and year \ (n.) The fruit of the date palm; also, the date palm itself. \ (n.) That addition to a writing, inscription, coin, etc., which specifies the time (as day, month, and year) when the writing or inscription was given, or executed, or made; as, the date of a letter, of a will, of a deed, of a coin. etc. \ (n.) The point of time at which a transaction or event takes place, or is appointed to take place; a given point of time; epoch, the date of a battle. \ (n.) Assigned end; conclusion. \ (n.) Given or assigned length of life; dyration. \ (v. t.) To note the time of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution, to date a letter, a bond, a deed, or a charter. \ (v. t.) To note or fix the time of, as of an event; to give the date of, to date the building of the pyramids. \ (v. i.) To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned; -- with from.
insert determine (v. t.) To fix the boundaries of; to mark off and separate. \ (v. t.) To set bounds to; to fix the determination of; to limit; to bound; to bring to an end; to finish. \ (v. t.) To fix the form or character of; to shape; to prescribe imperatively; to regulate; to settle. \ (v. t.) To fix the course of; to impel and direct; -- with a remoter object preceded by to; as, another's will determined me to this course. \ (v. t.) To ascertain definitely; to find out the specific character or name of; to assign to its true place in a system, to determine an unknown or a newly discovered plant or its name. \ (v. t.) To bring to a conclusion, as a question or controversy; to settle authoritative or judicial sentence; to decide, the court has determined the cause. \ (v. t.) To resolve on; to have a fixed intention of; also, to cause to come to a conclusion or decision; to lead, this determined him to go immediately. \ (v. t.) To define or limit by adding a differentia. \ (v. t.) To ascertain the presence, quantity, or amount of, to determine the parallax; to determine the salt in sea water. \ (v. i.) To come to an end; to end; to terminate. \ (v. i.) To come to a decision; to resolve; -- often with on.
insert distant (a.) Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away. \ (a.) Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place, time, consanguinity, or connection; as, distant times; distant relatives. \ (a.) Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty, a distant manner. \ (a.) Indistinct; faint; obscure, as from distance. \ (a.) Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant, a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
insert doll (n.) A child's puppet; a toy baby for a little girl.
insert during ad. through the whole time; while (something is happening) \ (prep.) In the time of; as long as the action or existence of; as, during life; during the space of a year.
insert employee (n.) One employed by another.
insert employment (n.) The act of employing or using; also, the state of being employed. \ (n.) That which engages or occupies; that which consumes time or attention; office or post of business; service; as, agricultural employments; mechanical employments; public employments; in the employment of government.
insert examination (n.) The act of examining, or state of being examined; a careful search, investigation, or inquiry; scrutiny by study or experiment. \ (n.) A process prescribed or assigned for testing qualification; as, the examination of a student, or of a candidate for admission to the bar or the ministry.
insert fast ad. moving or working at great speed; quick \ (v. i.) To abstain from food; to omit to take nourishment in whole or in part; to go hungry. \ (v. i.) To practice abstinence as a religious exercise or duty; to abstain from food voluntarily for a time, for the mortification of the body or appetites, or as a token of grief, or humiliation and penitence. \ (v. i.) Abstinence from food; omission to take nourishment. \ (v. i.) Voluntary abstinence from food, for a space of time, as a spiritual discipline, or as a token of religious humiliation. \ (v. i.) A time of fasting, whether a day, week, or longer time; a period of abstinence from food or certain kinds of food; as, an annual fast. \ (v.) Firmly fixed; closely adhering; made firm; not loose, unstable, or easily moved; immovable, to make fast the door. \ (v.) Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong. \ (v.) Firm in adherence; steadfast; not easily separated or alienated; faithful, a fast friend. \ (v.) Permanent; not liable to fade by exposure to air or by washing; durable; lasting, fast colors. \ (v.) Tenacious; retentive. \ (v.) Not easily disturbed or broken; deep; sound. \ (v.) Moving rapidly; quick in mition; rapid; swift, a fast horse. \ (v.) Given to pleasure seeking; disregardful of restraint; reckless; wild; dissipated; dissolute, a fast man; a fast liver. \ (a.) In a fast, fixed, or firmly established manner; fixedly; firmly; immovably. \ (a.) In a fast or rapid manner; quickly; swiftly; extravagantly; wildly, to run fast; to live fast. \ (n.) That which fastens or holds; especially, (Naut.) a mooring rope, hawser, or chain; -- called, according to its position, a bow, head, quarter, breast, or stern fast; also, a post on a pier around which hawsers are passed in mooring. \ (n.) The shaft of a column, or trunk of pilaster. \ (a.) In such a condition, as to resilience, etc., as to make possible unusual rapidity of play or action, a fast racket, or tennis court; a fast track; a fast billiard table
insert female n. a woman or girl; the sex that gives birth; ad. of or about women \ (n.) An individual of the sex which conceives and brings forth young, or (in a wider sense) which has an ovary and produces ova. \ (n.) A plant which produces only that kind of reproductive organs which are capable of developing into fruit after impregnation or fertilization; a pistillate plant. \ (a.) Belonging to the sex which conceives and gives birth to young, or (in a wider sense) which produces ova; not male. \ (a.) Belonging to an individual of the female sex; characteristic of woman; feminine; as, female tenderness. \ (a.) Having pistils and no stamens; pistillate; or, in cryptogamous plants, capable of receiving fertilization.
insert fifteen (a.) Five and ten; one more than fourteen. \ (n.) The sum of five and ten; fifteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing fifteen units, as 15, or xv.
insert fork (n.) An instrument consisting of a handle with a shank terminating in two or more prongs or tines, which are usually of metal, parallel and slightly curved; -- used from piercing, holding, taking up, or pitching anything. \ (n.) Anything furcate or like a fork in shape, or furcate at the extremity; as, a tuning fork. \ (n.) One of the parts into which anything is furcated or divided; a prong; a branch of a stream, a road, etc.; a barbed point, as of an arrow. \ (n.) The place where a division or a union occurs; the angle or opening between two branches or limbs, the fork of a river, a tree, or a road. \ (n.) The gibbet. \ (v. i.) To shoot into blades, as corn. \ (v. i.) To divide into two or more branches, or a stream forks. \ (v. t.) To raise, or pitch with a fork, as hay; to dig or turn over with a fork, as the soil.
insert forward ad. the direction in front of; toward the front \ (n.) An agreement; a covenant; a promise. \ (adv.) Alt. of Forwards \ (a.) Near, or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as, the forward gun in a ship, or the forward ship in a fleet. \ (a.) Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense, overready; to hasty. \ (a.) Ardent; eager; earnest, less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident, the boy is too forward for his years. \ (a.) Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season, the grass is forward, or forward for the season; we have a forward spring. \ (v. t.) To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten, to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement. \ (v. t.) To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit, to forward a letter.
insert furniture (v. t.) That with which anything is furnished or supplied; supplies; outfit; equipment. \ (v. t.) Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc. \ (v. t.) The necessary appendages to anything, as to a machine, a carriage, a ship, etc. \ (v. t.) The masts and rigging of a ship. \ (v. t.) The mountings of a gun. \ (v. t.) Builders' hardware such as locks, door and window trimmings. \ (v. t.) Pieces of wood or metal of a lesser height than the type, placed around the pages or other matter in a form, and, with the quoins, serving to secure the form in its place in the chase. \ (v. t.) A mixed or compound stop in an organ; -- sometimes called mixture.
insert general n. a high military leader; ad. without details; affecting or including all or almost all \ (a.) Relating to a genus or kind; pertaining to a whole class or order; as, a general law of animal or vegetable economy. \ (a.) Comprehending many species or individuals; not special or particular; including all particulars, a general inference or conclusion. \ (a.) Not restrained or limited to a precise import; not specific; vague; indefinite; lax in signification, a loose and general expression. \ (a.) Common to many, or the greatest number; widely spread; prevalent; extensive, though not universal, a general opinion; a general custom. \ (a.) Having a relation to all; common to the whole, Adam, our general sire. \ (a.) As a whole; in gross; for the most part. \ (a.) Usual; common, on most occasions, his general habit or method. \ (a.) The whole; the total; that which comprehends or relates to all, or the chief part; -- opposed to particular. \ (a.) One of the chief military officers of a government or country; the commander of an army, of a body of men not less than a brigade. In European armies, the highest military rank next below field marshal. \ (a.) The roll of the drum which calls the troops together, to beat the general. \ (a.) The chief of an order of monks, or of all the houses or congregations under the same rule. \ (a.) The public; the people; the vulgar.
insert glance (n.) A sudden flash of light or splendor. \ (n.) A quick cast of the eyes; a quick or a casual look; a swift survey; a glimpse. \ (n.) An incidental or passing thought or allusion. \ (n.) A name given to some sulphides, mostly dark-colored, which have a brilliant metallic luster, as the sulphide of copper, called copper glance. \ (v. i.) To shoot or emit a flash of light; to shine; to flash. \ (v. i.) To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside. "Your arrow hath glanced". \ (v. i.) To look with a sudden, rapid cast of the eye; to snatch a momentary or hasty view. \ (v. i.) To make an incidental or passing reflection; to allude; to hint; -- often with at. \ (v. i.) To move quickly, appearing and disappearing rapidly; to be visible only for an instant at a time; to move interruptedly; to twinkle. \ (v. t.) To shoot or dart suddenly or obliquely; to cast for a moment; as, to glance the eye. \ (v. t.) To hint at; to touch lightly or briefly.
insert grand (superl.) Of large size or extent; great; extensive; hence, relatively great; greatest; chief; principal; as, a grand mountain; a grand army; a grand mistake. \ (superl.) Great in size, and fine or imposing in appearance or impression; illustrious, dignifled, or noble (said of persons); majestic, splendid, magnificent, or sublime (said of things), a grand monarch; a grand lord; a grand general; a grand view; a grand conception. \ (superl.) Having higher rank or more dignity, size, or importance than other persons or things of the same name, a grand lodge; a grand vizier; a grand piano, etc. \ (superl.) Standing in the second or some more remote degree of parentage or descent; -- generalIy used in composition, grandfather, grandson, grandchild, etc.
insert greatly (adv.) In a great degree; much. \ (adv.) Nobly; illustriously; magnanimously.
insert hair n. the fine material that grows from the skin, especially from the head \ (n.) The collection or mass of filaments growing from the skin of an animal, and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole of the body. \ (n.) One the above-mentioned filaments, consisting, in invertebrate animals, of a long, tubular part which is free and flexible, and a bulbous root imbedded in the skin. \ (n.) Hair (human or animal) used for various purposes; as, hair for stuffing cushions. \ (n.) A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure, composition, and mode of growth. \ (n.) An outgrowth of the epidermis, consisting of one or of several cells, whether pointed, hooked, knobbed, or stellated. Internal hairs occur in the flower stalk of the yellow frog lily (Nuphar). \ (n.) A spring device used in a hair-trigger firearm. \ (n.) A haircloth. \ (n.) Any very small distance, or degree; a hairbreadth.
insert hate v. to have strong emotions against; to consider as an enemy; opposite love \ (n.) To have a great aversion to, with a strong desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike intensely; to detest; as, to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy. \ (n.) To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive, or a substantive clause with that, to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything should be wasted. \ (n.) To love less, relatively. \ (v.) Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward things, intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
insert helpful (a.) Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary.
insert helpless (a.) Destitute of help or strength; unable to help or defend one's self; needing help; feeble; weak; as, a helpless infant. \ (a.) Beyond help; irremediable. \ (a.) Bringing no help; unaiding. \ (a.) Unsupplied; destitute; -- with of.
insert hotel n. a building with rooms, and often food, for travellers \ (n.) A house for entertaining strangers or travelers; an inn or public house, of the better class. \ (n.) In France, the mansion or town residence of a person of rank or wealth.
insert housewife (n.) The wife of a householder; the mistress of a family; the female head of a household. \ (n.) A little case or bag for materials used in sewing, and for other articles of female work; -- called also hussy. \ (n.) A hussy. \ (v. t.) Alt. of Housewive
insert keen (superl.) Sharp; having a fine edge or point; as, a keen razor, or a razor with a keen edge. \ (superl.) Acute of mind; sharp; penetrating; having or expressing mental acuteness, a man of keen understanding; a keen look; keen features. \ (superl.) Bitter; piercing; acrimonious; cutting; stinging; severe, keen satire or sarcasm. \ (superl.) Piercing; -- applied to cold, wind, etc, , a keen wind; the cold is very keen. \ (superl.) Eager; vehement; fierce, a keen appetite. \ (v. t.) To sharpen; to make cold. \ (n.) A prolonged wail for a deceased person. Cf. Coranach. \ (v. i.) To wail as a keener does.
insert largely (adv.) In a large manner.
insert lawn (n.) An open space between woods. \ (n.) Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with grass kept closely mown.
insert locker (n.) One who, or that which, locks. \ (n.) A drawer, cupboard, compartment, or chest, esp. one in a ship, that may be closed with a lock.
insert magic (a.) A comprehensive name for all of the pretended arts which claim to produce effects by the assistance of supernatural beings, or departed spirits, or by a mastery of secret forces in nature attained by a study of occult science, including enchantment, conjuration, witchcraft, sorcery, necromancy, incantation, etc. \ (a.) Alt. of Magical
insert may v. a word used with an action word to mean permit or possible ("May I go?" "They may leave tomorrow.")
insert meaning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Mean \ (n.) That which is meant or intended; intent; purpose; aim; object; as, a mischievous meaning was apparent. \ (n.) That which is signified, whether by act lanquage; signification; sence; import, the meaning of a hint. \ (n.) Sense; power of thinking.
insert monster (n.) Something of unnatural size, shape, or quality; a prodigy; an enormity; a marvel. \ (n.) Specifically , an animal or plant departing greatly from the usual type, as by having too many limbs. \ (n.) Any thing or person of unnatural or excessive ugliness, deformity, wickedness, or cruelty. \ (a.) Monstrous in size. \ (v. t.) To make monstrous.
insert mountain n. a part of the earth's surface that rises high above the area around it \ (n.) A large mass of earth and rock, rising above the common level of the earth or adjacent land; earth and rock forming an isolated peak or a ridge; an eminence higher than a hill; a mount. \ (n.) A range, chain, or group of such elevations; as, the White Mountains. \ (n.) A mountainlike mass; something of great bulk. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a mountain or mountains; growing or living on a mountain; found on or peculiar to mountains; among mountains, a mountain torrent; mountain pines; mountain goats; mountain air; mountain howitzer. \ (a.) Like a mountain; mountainous; vast; very great.
insert ordinary (a.) According to established order; methodical; settled; regular. \ (a.) Common; customary; usual. \ (a.) Of common rank, quality, or ability; not distinguished by superior excellence or beauty; hence, not distinguished in any way; commonplace; inferior; of little merit; as, men of ordinary judgment; an ordinary book. \ (n.) An officer who has original jurisdiction in his own right, and not by deputation. \ (n.) One who has immediate jurisdiction in matters ecclesiastical; an ecclesiastical judge; also, a deputy of the bishop, or a clergyman appointed to perform divine service for condemned criminals and assist in preparing them for death. \ (n.) A judicial officer, having generally the powers of a judge of probate or a surrogate. \ (n.) The mass; the common run. \ (n.) That which is so common, or continued, as to be considered a settled establishment or institution. \ (n.) Anything which is in ordinary or common use. \ (n.) A dining room or eating house where a meal is prepared for all comers, at a fixed price for the meal, in distinction from one where each dish is separately charged; a table d'hote, the meal furnished at such a dining room. \ (n.) A charge or bearing of simple form, one of nine or ten which are in constant use. The bend, chevron, chief, cross, fesse, pale, and saltire are uniformly admitted as ordinaries. Some authorities include bar, bend sinister, pile, and others. See Subordinary.
insert pancake (n.) A thin cake of batter fried in a pan or on a griddle; a griddlecake; a flapjack.
insert pineapple (n.) A tropical plant (Ananassa sativa); also, its fruit; -- so called from the resemblance of the latter, in shape and external appearance, to the cone of the pine tree. Its origin is unknown, though conjectured to be American.
insert program n. a plan of action; the different events or parts of a meeting or show \ (n.) Same as Programme.
insert red ad. having the color like that of blood \ . imp. & p. p. of Read. \ (v. t.) To put on order; to make tidy; also, to free from entanglement or embarrassement; -- generally with up; as, to red up a house. \ (superl.) Of the color of blood, or of a tint resembling that color; of the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is furthest from the violet part. \ (n.) The color of blood, or of that part of the spectrum farthest from violet, or a tint resembling these. \ (n.) A red pigment. \ (n.) An abbreviation for Red Republican. See under Red, a. \ (a.) The menses.
insert regular (a.) Conformed to a rule; agreeable to an established rule, law, principle, or type, or to established customary forms; normal; symmetrical; as, a regular verse in poetry; a regular piece of music; a regular verb; regular practice of law or medicine; a regular building. \ (a.) Governed by rule or rules; steady or uniform in course, practice, or occurence; not subject to unexplained or irrational variation; returning at stated intervals; steadily pursued; orderlly; methodical, the regular succession of day and night; regular habits. \ (a.) Constituted, selected, or conducted in conformity with established usages, rules, or discipline; duly authorized; permanently organized, a regular meeting; a regular physican; a regular nomination; regular troops. \ (a.) Belonging to a monastic order or community, regular clergy, in distinction dfrom the secular clergy. \ (a.) Thorough; complete; unmitigated, a regular humbug. \ (a.) Having all the parts of the same kind alike in size and shape, a regular flower; a regular sea urchin. \ (a.) Same as Isometric. \ (a.) A member of any religious order or community who has taken the vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, and who has been solemnly recognized by the church. \ (a.) A soldier belonging to a permanent or standing army; -- chiefly used in the plural.
insert result v. to happen from a cause; n. that which follows or is produced by a cause; effect \ (v. i.) To leap back; to rebound. \ (v. i.) To come out, or have an issue; to terminate; to have consequences; -- followed by in; as, this measure will result in good or in evil. \ (v. i.) To proceed, spring, or rise, as a consequence, from facts, arguments, premises, combination of circumstances, consultation, thought, or endeavor. \ (n.) A flying back; resilience. \ (n.) That which results; the conclusion or end to which any course or condition of things leads, or which is obtained by any process or operation; consequence or effect, the result of a course of action; the result of a mathematical operation. \ (n.) The decision or determination of a council or deliberative assembly; a resolve; a decree.
insert robber (n.) One who robs; in law, one who feloniously takes goods or money from the person of another by violence or by putting him in fear.
insert ruin v. to damage severely; to destroy \ (n.) The act of falling or tumbling down; fall. \ (n.) Such a change of anything as destroys it, or entirely defeats its object, or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as, the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes. \ (n.) That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay, his mind is a ruin; especially, in the plural, the remains of a destroyed, dilapidated, or desolate house, fortress, city, or the like. \ (n.) The state of being dcayed, or of having become ruined or worthless, to be in ruins; to go to ruin. \ (n.) That which promotes injury, decay, or destruction. \ (n.) To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow. \ (v. i.) To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
insert schoolboy (n.) A boy belonging to, or attending, a school.
insert score (n.) A notch or incision; especially, one that is made as a tally mark; hence, a mark, or line, made for the purpose of account. \ (n.) An account or reckoning; account of dues; bill, indebtedness. \ (n.) Account; reason; motive; sake; behalf. \ (n.) The number twenty, as being marked off by a special score or tally, in pl., a large number. \ (n.) A distance of twenty yards; -- a term used in ancient archery and gunnery. \ (n.) A weight of twenty pounds. \ (n.) The number of points gained by the contestants, or either of them, in any game, as in cards or cricket. \ (n.) A line drawn; a groove or furrow. \ (n.) The original and entire draught, or its transcript, of a composition, with the parts for all the different instruments or voices written on staves one above another, so that they can be read at a glance; -- so called from the bar, which, in its early use, was drawn through all the parts. \ (v. t.) To mark with lines, scratches, or notches; to cut notches or furrows in; to notch; to scratch; to furrow; as, to score timber for hewing; to score the back with a lash. \ (v. t.) Especially, to mark with significant lines or notches, for indicating or keeping account of something, to score a tally. \ (v. t.) To mark or signify by lines or notches; to keep record or account of; to set down; to record; to charge. \ (v. t.) To engrave, as upon a shield. \ (v. t.) To make a score of, as points, runs, etc., in a game. \ (v. t.) To write down in proper order and arrangement, to score an overture for an orchestra. See Score, n., 9. \ (n.) To mark with parallel lines or scratches, the rocks of New England and the Western States were scored in the drift epoch. \ (v. i.) To keep the score in a game; to act as scorer. \ (v. i.) To make or count a point or points, as in a game; to tally. \ (v. i.) To run up a score, or account of dues.
insert size n. the space occupied by something; how long, wide or high something is \ (n.) Six. \ (v. i.) A thin, weak glue used in various trades, as in painting, bookbinding, paper making, etc. \ (v. i.) Any viscous substance, as gilder's varnish. \ (v. t.) To cover with size; to prepare with size. \ (n.) A settled quantity or allowance. See Assize. \ (n.) An allowance of food and drink from the buttery, aside from the regular dinner at commons; -- corresponding to battel at Oxford. \ (n.) Extent of superficies or volume; bulk; bigness; magnitude; as, the size of a tree or of a mast; the size of a ship or of a rock. \ (n.) Figurative bulk; condition as to rank, ability, character, etc., the office demands a man of larger size. \ (n.) A conventional relative measure of dimension, as for shoes, gloves, and other articles made up for sale. \ (n.) An instrument consisting of a number of perforated gauges fastened together at one end by a rivet, -- used for ascertaining the size of pearls. \ (v. t.) To fix the standard of. \ (v. t.) To adjust or arrange according to size or bulk. \ (v. t.) To take the height of men, in order to place them in the ranks according to their stature. \ (v. t.) To sift, as pieces of ore or metal, in order to separate the finer from the coarser parts. \ (v. t.) To swell; to increase the bulk of. \ (v. t.) To bring or adjust anything exactly to a required dimension, as by cutting. \ (v. i.) To take greater size; to increase in size. \ (v. i.) To order food or drink from the buttery; hence, to enter a score, as upon the buttery book.
insert sky n. the space above the earth \ (n.) A cloud. \ (n.) Hence, a shadow. \ (n.) The apparent arch, or vault, of heaven, which in a clear day is of a blue color; the heavens; the firmament; -- sometimes in the plural. \ (n.) The wheather; the climate. \ (v. t.) To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall, where it can not be well seen. \ (v. t.) To throw towards the sky; as, to sky a ball at cricket.
insert slightly (adv.) In a slight manner. \ (adv.) Slightingly; negligently.
insert south n. the direction to the right of a person facing the rising sun \ (n.) That one of the four cardinal points directly opposite to the north; the region or direction to the right or direction to the right of a person who faces the east. \ (n.) A country, region, or place situated farther to the south than another; the southern section of a country. \ (n.) Specifically: That part of the United States which is south of Mason and Dixon's line. See under Line. \ (n.) The wind from the south. \ (a.) Lying toward the south; situated at the south, or in a southern direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the south, or coming from the south; blowing from the south; southern; as, the south pole. \ (adv.) Toward the south; southward. \ (adv.) From the south, the wind blows south. \ (v. i.) To turn or move toward the south; to veer toward the south. \ (v. i.) To come to the meridian; to cross the north and south line; -- said chiefly of the moon, the moon souths at nine.
insert stuff (v. t.) Material which is to be worked up in any process of manufacture. \ (v. t.) The fundamental material of which anything is made up; elemental part; essence. \ (v. t.) Woven material not made into garments; fabric of any kind; specifically, any one of various fabrics of wool or worsted; sometimes, worsted fiber. \ (v. t.) Furniture; goods; domestic vessels or utensils. \ (v. t.) A medicine or mixture; a potion. \ (v. t.) Refuse or worthless matter; hence, also, foolish or irrational language; nonsense; trash. \ (v. t.) A melted mass of turpentine, tallow, etc., with which the masts, sides, and bottom of a ship are smeared for lubrication. \ (v. t.) Paper stock ground ready for use. \ (n.) To fill by crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess; as, to stuff a bedtick. \ (n.) To thrust or crowd; to press; to pack. \ (n.) To fill by being pressed or packed into. \ (n.) To fill with a seasoning composition of bread, meat, condiments, to stuff a turkey. \ (n.) To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration. \ (n.) To fill the skin of, for the purpose of preserving as a specimen; -- said of birds or other animals. \ (n.) To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material. \ (n.) To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies. \ (n.) To put fraudulent votes into (a ballot box). \ (v. i.) To feed gluttonously; to cram.
insert Sunday (n.) The first day of the week, -- consecrated among Christians to rest from secular employments, and to religious worship; the Christian Sabbath; the Lord's Day. \ (a.) Belonging to the Christian Sabbath.
insert tea n. a drink made from the plant of the same name \ (n.) The prepared leaves of a shrub, or small tree (Thea \ (n.) A decoction or infusion of tea leaves in boiling water; as, tea is a common beverage. \ (n.) Any infusion or decoction, especially when made of the dried leaves of plants; as, sage tea; chamomile tea; catnip tea. \ (n.) The evening meal, at which tea is usually served; supper. \ (v. i.) To take or drink tea. / Camellia, Chinensis). The shrub is a native of China, but has been introduced to some extent into some other countries.
insert teenage (n.) The longer wood for making or mending fences.
insert thread (n.) A very small twist of flax, wool, cotton, silk, or other fibrous substance, drawn out to considerable length; a compound cord consisting of two or more single yarns doubled, or joined together, and twisted. \ (n.) A filament, as of a flower, or of any fibrous substance, as of bark; also, a line of gold or silver. \ (n.) The prominent part of the spiral of a screw or nut; the rib. See Screw, n., 1. \ (n.) Fig.: Something continued in a long course or tenor; a,s the thread of life, or of a discourse. \ (n.) Fig.: Composition; quality; fineness. \ (v. t.) To pass a thread through the eye of; as, to thread a needle. \ (v. t.) To pass or pierce through as a narrow way, to effect or make, as one's way, through or between obstacles; to thrid. \ (v. t.) To form a thread, or spiral rib, on or in, to thread a screw or nut.
insert throw v. to cause to go through the air by a movement of the arm \ (n.) Pain; especially, pain of travail; throe. \ (n.) Time; while; space of time; moment; trice. \ (v. t.) To fling, cast, or hurl with a certain whirling motion of the arm, to throw a ball; -- distinguished from to toss, or to bowl. \ (v. t.) To fling or cast in any manner; to drive to a distance from the hand or from an engine; to propel; to send; as, to throw stones or dust with the hand; a cannon throws a ball; a fire engine throws a stream of water to extinguish flames. \ (v. t.) To drive by violence, a vessel or sailors may be thrown upon a rock. \ (v. t.) To cause to take a strategic position, he threw a detachment of his army across the river. \ (v. t.) To overturn; to prostrate in wrestling, a man throws his antagonist. \ (v. t.) To cast, as dice; to venture at dice. \ (v. t.) To put on hastily; to spread carelessly. \ (v. t.) To divest or strip one's self of; to put off. \ (v. t.) To form or shape roughly on a throwing engine, or potter's wheel, as earthen vessels. \ (v. t.) To give forcible utterance to; to cast; to vent. \ (v. t.) To bring forth; to produce, as young; to bear; -- said especially of rabbits. \ (v. t.) To twist two or more filaments of, as silk, so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; -- sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of throwing or casting; specifically, to cast dice. \ (n.) The act of hurling or flinging; a driving or propelling from the hand or an engine; a cast. \ (n.) A stroke; a blow. \ (n.) The distance which a missile is, or may be, thrown, a stone's throw. \ (n.) A cast of dice; the manner in which dice fall when cast, a good throw. \ (n.) An effort; a violent sally. \ (n.) The extreme movement given to a sliding or vibrating reciprocating piece by a cam, crank, eccentric, or the like; travel; stroke, the throw of a slide valve. Also, frequently, the length of the radius of a crank, or the eccentricity of an eccentric, the throw of the crank of a steam engine is equal to half the stroke of the piston. \ (n.) A potter's wheel or table; a jigger. See 2d Jigger, 2 (a). \ (n.) A turner's lathe; a throwe. \ (n.) The amount of vertical displacement produced by a fault; -- according to the direction it is designated as an upthrow, or a downthrow.
insert tobacco (n.) An American plant (Nicotiana Tabacum) of the Nightshade family, much used for smoking and chewing, and as snuff. As a medicine, it is narcotic, emetic, and cathartic. Tobacco has a strong, peculiar smell, and an acrid taste. \ (n.) The leaves of the plant prepared for smoking, chewing, etc., by being dried, cured, and manufactured in various ways.
insert tomorrow n. the day after today \ (adv.) On the day after the present day; on the next day; on the morrow. \ (n.) The day after the present; the morrow.
insert too ad. also; as well as; more than is necessary \ (adv.) Over; more than enough; -- noting excess; as, a thing is too long, too short, or too wide; too high; too many; too much. \ (adv.) Likewise; also; in addition.
insert trust v. to believe that someone is honest and will not cause harm \ (n.) Assured resting of the mind on the integrity, veracity, justice, friendship, or other sound principle, of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance. \ (n.) Credit given; especially, delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as, to sell or buy goods on trust. \ (n.) Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent, as if present or actual; hope; belief. \ (n.) That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit. \ (n.) The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office. \ (n.) That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope. \ (n.) An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it, or dispose of the profits, at the will, or for the benefit, of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person, who is termed the trustee, for the benefit of another, who is called the cestui que trust. \ (n.) An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities, etc., a sugar trust. \ (a.) Held in trust, trust property; trustmoney. \ (n.) To place confidence in; to rely on, to confide, or repose faith, in, we can not trust those who have deceived us. \ (n.) To give credence to; to believe; to credit. \ (n.) To hope confidently; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object. \ (n.) to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something. \ (n.) To commit, as to one's care; to intrust. \ (n.) To give credit to; to sell to upon credit, or in confidence of future payment, merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods. \ (n.) To risk; to venture confidently. \ (v. i.) To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide. \ (v. i.) To be confident, as of something future; to hope. \ (v. i.) To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit. \ (n.) An equitable right or interest in property distinct from the legal ownership thereof; a use (as it existed before the Statute of Uses); also, a property interest held by one person for the benefit of another. Trusts are active, or special, express, implied, constructive, etc. In a passive trust the trustee simply has title to the trust property, while its control and management are in the beneficiary.
insert twice (adv.) Two times; once and again. \ (adv.) Doubly; in twofold quantity or degree; as, twice the sum; he is twice as fortunate as his neighbor.
insert unusual (a.) Not usual; uncommon; rare; as, an unusual season; a person of unusual grace or erudition.
insert useless (a.) Having, or being of, no use; unserviceable; producing no good end; answering no valuable purpose; not advancing the end proposed; unprofitable; ineffectual; as, a useless garment; useless pity.
insert victim n. someone or something that is injured, killed or made to suffer; someone who is tricked \ (n.) A living being sacrificed to some deity, or in the performance of a religious rite; a creature immolated, or made an offering of. \ (n.) A person or thing destroyed or sacrificed in the pursuit of an object, or in gratification of a passion; as, a victim to jealousy, lust, or ambition. \ (n.) A person or living creature destroyed by, or suffering grievous injury from, another, from fortune or from accident, the victim of a defaulter; the victim of a railroad accident. \ (n.) Hence, one who is duped, or cheated; a dupe; a gull.
insert visitor One who visits; one who comes or goes to see another, as in civility or friendship. \ A superior, or a person lawfully appointed for the purpose, who makes formal visits of inspection to a corporation or an institution. See Visit, v. t., 2, and Visitation, n., 2.
insert what pro. used to ask about something or to ask for information about something ("What is this?"); ad. which or which kind ("He wants to know what you would like to drink.") \ (pron., a., & adv.) As an interrogative pronoun, used in asking questions regarding either persons or things; as, what is this? what did you say? what poem is this? what child is lost? \ (pron., a., & adv.) As an exclamatory word: -- (a) Used absolutely or independently; -- often with a question following. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adjectively, meaning how remarkable, or how great, what folly! what eloquence! what courage! \ (pron., a., & adv.) Sometimes prefixed to adjectives in an adverbial sense, as nearly equivalent to how, what happy boys! \ (pron., a., & adv.) As a relative pronoun \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used substantively with the antecedent suppressed, equivalent to that which, or those [persons] who, or those [things] which; -- called a compound relative. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adjectively, equivalent to the . . . which; the sort or kind of . . . which; rarely, the . . . on, or at, which. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adverbially in a sense corresponding to the adjectival use, he picked what good fruit he saw. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Whatever; whatsoever; what thing soever; -- used indefinitely. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adverbially, in part; partly; somewhat; -- with a following preposition, especially, with, and commonly with repetition. \ (n.) Something; thing; stuff. \ (interrog. adv.) Why? For what purpose? On what account?
insert within (prep.) In the inner or interior part of; inside of; not without; as, within doors. \ (prep.) In the limits or compass of; not further in length than, within five miles; not longer in time than, within an hour; not exceeding in quantity, expenses kept within one's income. \ (prep.) Hence, inside the limits, reach, or influence of; not going outside of; not beyond, overstepping, exceeding, or the like. \ (adv.) In the inner part; inwardly; internally. \ (adv.) In the house; in doors, the master is within.
