insert crazy (a.) Characterized by weakness or feebleness; decrepit; broken; falling to decay; shaky; unsafe. \ (a.) Broken, weakened, or dissordered in intellect; shattered; demented; deranged. \ (a.) Inordinately desirous; foolishly eager.
insert any ad. one or more of no special kind \ (a. & pron.) One indifferently, out of an indefinite number; one indefinitely, whosoever or whatsoever it may be. \ (a. & pron.) Some, of whatever kind, quantity, or number; as, are there any witnesses present? are there any other houses like it? \ (adv.) To any extent; in any degree; at all.
insert comfort (v. t.) To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate. \ (v. t.) To assist or help; to aid. \ (v. t.) To impart strength and hope to; to encourage; to relieve; to console; to cheer. \ (n.) Assistance; relief; support. \ (n.) Encouragement; solace; consolation in trouble; also, that which affords consolation. \ (n.) A state of quiet enjoyment; freedom from pain, want, or anxiety, whatever contributes to such a condition. \ (n.) A wadded bedquilt; a comfortable. \ (n.) Unlawful support, countenance, or encouragement; as, to give aid and comfort to the enemy.
insert conduct (n.) The act or method of conducting; guidance; management. \ (n.) Skillful guidance or management; generalship. \ (n.) Convoy; escort; guard; guide. \ (n.) That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument. \ (n.) The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior. \ (n.) Plot; action; construction; manner of development. \ (n.) To lead, or guide; to escort; to attend. \ (n.) To lead, as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as, to conduct the affairs of a kingdom. \ (n.) To behave; -- with the reflexive, he conducted himself well. \ (n.) To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit, as heat, light, electricity, etc. \ (n.) To direct, as the leader in the performance of a musical composition. \ (v. i.) To act as a conductor (as of heat, electricity, etc.); to carry. \ (v. i.) To conduct one's self; to behave.
insert actor n. someone acting in a play or show \ (n.) One who acts, or takes part in any affair; a doer. \ (n.) A theatrical performer; a stageplayer. \ (n.) An advocate or proctor in civil courts or causes. \ (n.) One who institutes a suit; plaintiff or complainant.
insert south n. the direction to the right of a person facing the rising sun \ (n.) That one of the four cardinal points directly opposite to the north; the region or direction to the right or direction to the right of a person who faces the east. \ (n.) A country, region, or place situated farther to the south than another; the southern section of a country. \ (n.) Specifically: That part of the United States which is south of Mason and Dixon's line. See under Line. \ (n.) The wind from the south. \ (a.) Lying toward the south; situated at the south, or in a southern direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the south, or coming from the south; blowing from the south; southern; as, the south pole. \ (adv.) Toward the south; southward. \ (adv.) From the south, the wind blows south. \ (v. i.) To turn or move toward the south; to veer toward the south. \ (v. i.) To come to the meridian; to cross the north and south line; -- said chiefly of the moon, the moon souths at nine.
insert curl (n.) To twist or form into ringlets; to crisp, as the hair. \ (n.) To twist or make onto coils, as a serpent's body. \ (n.) To deck with, or as with, curls; to ornament. \ (n.) To raise in waves or undulations; to ripple. \ (n.) To shape (the brim) into a curve. \ (v. i.) To contract or bend into curls or ringlets, as hair; to grow in curls or spirals, as a vine; to be crinkled or contorted; to have a curly appearance; as, leaves lie curled on the ground. \ (v. i.) To move in curves, spirals, or undulations; to contract in curving outlines; to bend in a curved form; to make a curl or curls. \ (v. i.) To play at the game called curling. \ (v.) A ringlet, especially of hair; anything of a spiral or winding form. \ (v.) An undulating or waving line or streak in any substance, as wood, glass, etc.; flexure; sinuosity. \ (v.) A disease in potatoes, in which the leaves, at their first appearance, seem curled and shrunken.
insert around ad. on every side (of) \ (adv.) In a circle; circularly; on every side; round. \ (adv.) In a circuit; here and there within the surrounding space; all about; as, to travel around from town to town. \ (adv.) Near; in the neighborhood, this man was standing around when the fight took place. \ (prep.) On all sides of; encircling; encompassing; so as to make the circuit of; about. \ (prep.) From one part to another of; at random through; about; on another side of, to travel around the country; a house standing around the corner.
insert score (n.) A notch or incision; especially, one that is made as a tally mark; hence, a mark, or line, made for the purpose of account. \ (n.) An account or reckoning; account of dues; bill, indebtedness. \ (n.) Account; reason; motive; sake; behalf. \ (n.) The number twenty, as being marked off by a special score or tally, in pl., a large number. \ (n.) A distance of twenty yards; -- a term used in ancient archery and gunnery. \ (n.) A weight of twenty pounds. \ (n.) The number of points gained by the contestants, or either of them, in any game, as in cards or cricket. \ (n.) A line drawn; a groove or furrow. \ (n.) The original and entire draught, or its transcript, of a composition, with the parts for all the different instruments or voices written on staves one above another, so that they can be read at a glance; -- so called from the bar, which, in its early use, was drawn through all the parts. \ (v. t.) To mark with lines, scratches, or notches; to cut notches or furrows in; to notch; to scratch; to furrow; as, to score timber for hewing; to score the back with a lash. \ (v. t.) Especially, to mark with significant lines or notches, for indicating or keeping account of something, to score a tally. \ (v. t.) To mark or signify by lines or notches; to keep record or account of; to set down; to record; to charge. \ (v. t.) To engrave, as upon a shield. \ (v. t.) To make a score of, as points, runs, etc., in a game. \ (v. t.) To write down in proper order and arrangement, to score an overture for an orchestra. See Score, n., 9. \ (n.) To mark with parallel lines or scratches, the rocks of New England and the Western States were scored in the drift epoch. \ (v. i.) To keep the score in a game; to act as scorer. \ (v. i.) To make or count a point or points, as in a game; to tally. \ (v. i.) To run up a score, or account of dues.
insert trust v. to believe that someone is honest and will not cause harm \ (n.) Assured resting of the mind on the integrity, veracity, justice, friendship, or other sound principle, of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance. \ (n.) Credit given; especially, delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as, to sell or buy goods on trust. \ (n.) Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent, as if present or actual; hope; belief. \ (n.) That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit. \ (n.) The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office. \ (n.) That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope. \ (n.) An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it, or dispose of the profits, at the will, or for the benefit, of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person, who is termed the trustee, for the benefit of another, who is called the cestui que trust. \ (n.) An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities, etc., a sugar trust. \ (a.) Held in trust, trust property; trustmoney. \ (n.) To place confidence in; to rely on, to confide, or repose faith, in, we can not trust those who have deceived us. \ (n.) To give credence to; to believe; to credit. \ (n.) To hope confidently; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object. \ (n.) to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something. \ (n.) To commit, as to one's care; to intrust. \ (n.) To give credit to; to sell to upon credit, or in confidence of future payment, merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods. \ (n.) To risk; to venture confidently. \ (v. i.) To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide. \ (v. i.) To be confident, as of something future; to hope. \ (v. i.) To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit. \ (n.) An equitable right or interest in property distinct from the legal ownership thereof; a use (as it existed before the Statute of Uses); also, a property interest held by one person for the benefit of another. Trusts are active, or special, express, implied, constructive, etc. In a passive trust the trustee simply has title to the trust property, while its control and management are in the beneficiary.
insert throw v. to cause to go through the air by a movement of the arm \ (n.) Pain; especially, pain of travail; throe. \ (n.) Time; while; space of time; moment; trice. \ (v. t.) To fling, cast, or hurl with a certain whirling motion of the arm, to throw a ball; -- distinguished from to toss, or to bowl. \ (v. t.) To fling or cast in any manner; to drive to a distance from the hand or from an engine; to propel; to send; as, to throw stones or dust with the hand; a cannon throws a ball; a fire engine throws a stream of water to extinguish flames. \ (v. t.) To drive by violence, a vessel or sailors may be thrown upon a rock. \ (v. t.) To cause to take a strategic position, he threw a detachment of his army across the river. \ (v. t.) To overturn; to prostrate in wrestling, a man throws his antagonist. \ (v. t.) To cast, as dice; to venture at dice. \ (v. t.) To put on hastily; to spread carelessly. \ (v. t.) To divest or strip one's self of; to put off. \ (v. t.) To form or shape roughly on a throwing engine, or potter's wheel, as earthen vessels. \ (v. t.) To give forcible utterance to; to cast; to vent. \ (v. t.) To bring forth; to produce, as young; to bear; -- said especially of rabbits. \ (v. t.) To twist two or more filaments of, as silk, so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; -- sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of throwing or casting; specifically, to cast dice. \ (n.) The act of hurling or flinging; a driving or propelling from the hand or an engine; a cast. \ (n.) A stroke; a blow. \ (n.) The distance which a missile is, or may be, thrown, a stone's throw. \ (n.) A cast of dice; the manner in which dice fall when cast, a good throw. \ (n.) An effort; a violent sally. \ (n.) The extreme movement given to a sliding or vibrating reciprocating piece by a cam, crank, eccentric, or the like; travel; stroke, the throw of a slide valve. Also, frequently, the length of the radius of a crank, or the eccentricity of an eccentric, the throw of the crank of a steam engine is equal to half the stroke of the piston. \ (n.) A potter's wheel or table; a jigger. See 2d Jigger, 2 (a). \ (n.) A turner's lathe; a throwe. \ (n.) The amount of vertical displacement produced by a fault; -- according to the direction it is designated as an upthrow, or a downthrow.
insert burst v. to break open suddenly \ (imp. & p. p.) of Burst \ (v. i.) To fly apart or in pieces; of break open; to yield to force or pressure, especially to a sudden and violent exertion of force, or to pressure from within; to explode; as, the boiler had burst; the buds will burst in spring. \ (v. i.) To exert force or pressure by which something is made suddenly to give way; to break through obstacles or limitations; hence, to appear suddenly and unexpectedly or unaccountably, or to depart in such manner; -- usually with some qualifying adverb or preposition, as forth, out, away, into, upon, through, etc. \ (v. t.) To break or rend by violence, as by an overcharge or by strain or pressure, esp. from within; to force open suddenly, to burst a cannon; to burst a blood vessel; to burst open the doors. \ (v. t.) To break. \ (v. t.) To produce as an effect of bursting, to burst a hole through the wall. \ (n.) A sudden breaking forth; a violent rending; an explosion, a burst of thunder; a burst of applause; a burst of passion; a burst of inspiration. \ (n.) Any brief, violent exertion or effort; a spurt, a burst of speed. \ (n.) A sudden opening, as of landscape; a stretch; an expanse. \ (n.) A rupture or hernia; a breach.
insert twice (adv.) Two times; once and again. \ (adv.) Doubly; in twofold quantity or degree; as, twice the sum; he is twice as fortunate as his neighbor.
insert absolute (a.) Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional; as, absolute authority, monarchy, sovereignty, an absolute promise or command; absolute power; an absolute monarch. \ (a.) Complete in itself; perfect; consummate; faultless, absolute perfection; absolute beauty. \ (a.) Viewed apart from modifying influences or without comparison with other objects; actual; real; -- opposed to relative and comparative, absolute motion; absolute time or space. \ (a.) Loosed from, or unconnected by, dependence on any other being; self-existent; self-sufficing. \ (a.) Capable of being thought or conceived by itself alone; unconditioned; non-relative. \ (a.) Positive; clear; certain; not doubtful. \ (a.) Authoritative; peremptory. \ (a.) Pure; unmixed, absolute alcohol. \ (a.) Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence in government, the case absolute. See Ablative absolute, under Ablative. \ (n.) In a plane, the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions, the imaginary circle at infinity.
insert chairman n. a person leading a meeting or an organized group \ (n.) The presiding officer of a committee, or of a public or private meeting, or of any organized body. \ (n.) One whose business it is to cary a chair or sedan.
insert greatly (adv.) In a great degree; much. \ (adv.) Nobly; illustriously; magnanimously.
insert forward ad. the direction in front of; toward the front \ (n.) An agreement; a covenant; a promise. \ (adv.) Alt. of Forwards \ (a.) Near, or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as, the forward gun in a ship, or the forward ship in a fleet. \ (a.) Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense, overready; to hasty. \ (a.) Ardent; eager; earnest, less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident, the boy is too forward for his years. \ (a.) Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season, the grass is forward, or forward for the season; we have a forward spring. \ (v. t.) To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten, to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement. \ (v. t.) To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit, to forward a letter.
insert candy (v. t.) To conserve or boil in sugar; as, to candy fruits; to candy ginger. \ (v. t.) To make sugar crystals of or in; to form into a mass resembling candy, to candy sirup. \ (v. t.) To incrust with sugar or with candy, or with that which resembles sugar or candy. \ (v. i.) To have sugar crystals form in or on, fruits preserved in sugar candy after a time. \ (v. i.) To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass. \ (v. t.) A more or less solid article of confectionery made by boiling sugar or molasses to the desired consistency, and than crystallizing, molding, or working in the required shape. It is often flavored or colored, and sometimes contains fruit, nuts, etc. \ (n.) A weight, at Madras 500 pounds, at Bombay 560 pounds.
insert monster (n.) Something of unnatural size, shape, or quality; a prodigy; an enormity; a marvel. \ (n.) Specifically , an animal or plant departing greatly from the usual type, as by having too many limbs. \ (n.) Any thing or person of unnatural or excessive ugliness, deformity, wickedness, or cruelty. \ (a.) Monstrous in size. \ (v. t.) To make monstrous.
insert examination (n.) The act of examining, or state of being examined; a careful search, investigation, or inquiry; scrutiny by study or experiment. \ (n.) A process prescribed or assigned for testing qualification; as, the examination of a student, or of a candidate for admission to the bar or the ministry.
insert regular (a.) Conformed to a rule; agreeable to an established rule, law, principle, or type, or to established customary forms; normal; symmetrical; as, a regular verse in poetry; a regular piece of music; a regular verb; regular practice of law or medicine; a regular building. \ (a.) Governed by rule or rules; steady or uniform in course, practice, or occurence; not subject to unexplained or irrational variation; returning at stated intervals; steadily pursued; orderlly; methodical, the regular succession of day and night; regular habits. \ (a.) Constituted, selected, or conducted in conformity with established usages, rules, or discipline; duly authorized; permanently organized, a regular meeting; a regular physican; a regular nomination; regular troops. \ (a.) Belonging to a monastic order or community, regular clergy, in distinction dfrom the secular clergy. \ (a.) Thorough; complete; unmitigated, a regular humbug. \ (a.) Having all the parts of the same kind alike in size and shape, a regular flower; a regular sea urchin. \ (a.) Same as Isometric. \ (a.) A member of any religious order or community who has taken the vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, and who has been solemnly recognized by the church. \ (a.) A soldier belonging to a permanent or standing army; -- chiefly used in the plural.
insert butterfly (n.) A general name for the numerous species of diurnal Lepidoptera.
insert meaning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Mean \ (n.) That which is meant or intended; intent; purpose; aim; object; as, a mischievous meaning was apparent. \ (n.) That which is signified, whether by act lanquage; signification; sence; import, the meaning of a hint. \ (n.) Sense; power of thinking.
insert across ad. from side to side; to the other side \ (n.) From side to side; athwart; crosswise, or in a direction opposed to the length; quite over; as, a bridge laid across a river. \ (adv.) From side to side, with arms folded across. \ (adv.) Obliquely; amiss; awry.
insert area n. any place or part of it \ (n.) Any plane surface, as of the floor of a room or church, or of the ground within an inclosure; an open space in a building. \ (n.) The inclosed space on which a building stands. \ (n.) The sunken space or court, giving ingress and affording light to the basement of a building. \ (n.) An extent of surface; a tract of the earth's surface; a region; as, vast uncultivated areas. \ (n.) The superficial contents of any figure; the surface included within any given lines; superficial extent, the area of a square or a triangle. \ (n.) A spot or small marked space, the germinative area. \ (n.) Extent; scope; range, a wide area of thought.
insert thread (n.) A very small twist of flax, wool, cotton, silk, or other fibrous substance, drawn out to considerable length; a compound cord consisting of two or more single yarns doubled, or joined together, and twisted. \ (n.) A filament, as of a flower, or of any fibrous substance, as of bark; also, a line of gold or silver. \ (n.) The prominent part of the spiral of a screw or nut; the rib. See Screw, n., 1. \ (n.) Fig.: Something continued in a long course or tenor; a,s the thread of life, or of a discourse. \ (n.) Fig.: Composition; quality; fineness. \ (v. t.) To pass a thread through the eye of; as, to thread a needle. \ (v. t.) To pass or pierce through as a narrow way, to effect or make, as one's way, through or between obstacles; to thrid. \ (v. t.) To form a thread, or spiral rib, on or in, to thread a screw or nut.
insert furniture (v. t.) That with which anything is furnished or supplied; supplies; outfit; equipment. \ (v. t.) Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc. \ (v. t.) The necessary appendages to anything, as to a machine, a carriage, a ship, etc. \ (v. t.) The masts and rigging of a ship. \ (v. t.) The mountings of a gun. \ (v. t.) Builders' hardware such as locks, door and window trimmings. \ (v. t.) Pieces of wood or metal of a lesser height than the type, placed around the pages or other matter in a form, and, with the quoins, serving to secure the form in its place in the chase. \ (v. t.) A mixed or compound stop in an organ; -- sometimes called mixture.
insert fast ad. moving or working at great speed; quick \ (v. i.) To abstain from food; to omit to take nourishment in whole or in part; to go hungry. \ (v. i.) To practice abstinence as a religious exercise or duty; to abstain from food voluntarily for a time, for the mortification of the body or appetites, or as a token of grief, or humiliation and penitence. \ (v. i.) Abstinence from food; omission to take nourishment. \ (v. i.) Voluntary abstinence from food, for a space of time, as a spiritual discipline, or as a token of religious humiliation. \ (v. i.) A time of fasting, whether a day, week, or longer time; a period of abstinence from food or certain kinds of food; as, an annual fast. \ (v.) Firmly fixed; closely adhering; made firm; not loose, unstable, or easily moved; immovable, to make fast the door. \ (v.) Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong. \ (v.) Firm in adherence; steadfast; not easily separated or alienated; faithful, a fast friend. \ (v.) Permanent; not liable to fade by exposure to air or by washing; durable; lasting, fast colors. \ (v.) Tenacious; retentive. \ (v.) Not easily disturbed or broken; deep; sound. \ (v.) Moving rapidly; quick in mition; rapid; swift, a fast horse. \ (v.) Given to pleasure seeking; disregardful of restraint; reckless; wild; dissipated; dissolute, a fast man; a fast liver. \ (a.) In a fast, fixed, or firmly established manner; fixedly; firmly; immovably. \ (a.) In a fast or rapid manner; quickly; swiftly; extravagantly; wildly, to run fast; to live fast. \ (n.) That which fastens or holds; especially, (Naut.) a mooring rope, hawser, or chain; -- called, according to its position, a bow, head, quarter, breast, or stern fast; also, a post on a pier around which hawsers are passed in mooring. \ (n.) The shaft of a column, or trunk of pilaster. \ (a.) In such a condition, as to resilience, etc., as to make possible unusual rapidity of play or action, a fast racket, or tennis court; a fast track; a fast billiard table
insert hotel n. a building with rooms, and often food, for travellers \ (n.) A house for entertaining strangers or travelers; an inn or public house, of the better class. \ (n.) In France, the mansion or town residence of a person of rank or wealth.
insert airplane n. a vehicle with wings that flies
insert largely (adv.) In a large manner.
insert date n. an expression of time; a day, month and year \ (n.) The fruit of the date palm; also, the date palm itself. \ (n.) That addition to a writing, inscription, coin, etc., which specifies the time (as day, month, and year) when the writing or inscription was given, or executed, or made; as, the date of a letter, of a will, of a deed, of a coin. etc. \ (n.) The point of time at which a transaction or event takes place, or is appointed to take place; a given point of time; epoch, the date of a battle. \ (n.) Assigned end; conclusion. \ (n.) Given or assigned length of life; dyration. \ (v. t.) To note the time of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution, to date a letter, a bond, a deed, or a charter. \ (v. t.) To note or fix the time of, as of an event; to give the date of, to date the building of the pyramids. \ (v. i.) To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned; -- with from.
insert fork (n.) An instrument consisting of a handle with a shank terminating in two or more prongs or tines, which are usually of metal, parallel and slightly curved; -- used from piercing, holding, taking up, or pitching anything. \ (n.) Anything furcate or like a fork in shape, or furcate at the extremity; as, a tuning fork. \ (n.) One of the parts into which anything is furcated or divided; a prong; a branch of a stream, a road, etc.; a barbed point, as of an arrow. \ (n.) The place where a division or a union occurs; the angle or opening between two branches or limbs, the fork of a river, a tree, or a road. \ (n.) The gibbet. \ (v. i.) To shoot into blades, as corn. \ (v. i.) To divide into two or more branches, or a stream forks. \ (v. t.) To raise, or pitch with a fork, as hay; to dig or turn over with a fork, as the soil.
insert what pro. used to ask about something or to ask for information about something ("What is this?"); ad. which or which kind ("He wants to know what you would like to drink.") \ (pron., a., & adv.) As an interrogative pronoun, used in asking questions regarding either persons or things; as, what is this? what did you say? what poem is this? what child is lost? \ (pron., a., & adv.) As an exclamatory word: -- (a) Used absolutely or independently; -- often with a question following. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adjectively, meaning how remarkable, or how great, what folly! what eloquence! what courage! \ (pron., a., & adv.) Sometimes prefixed to adjectives in an adverbial sense, as nearly equivalent to how, what happy boys! \ (pron., a., & adv.) As a relative pronoun \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used substantively with the antecedent suppressed, equivalent to that which, or those [persons] who, or those [things] which; -- called a compound relative. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adjectively, equivalent to the . . . which; the sort or kind of . . . which; rarely, the . . . on, or at, which. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adverbially in a sense corresponding to the adjectival use, he picked what good fruit he saw. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Whatever; whatsoever; what thing soever; -- used indefinitely. \ (pron., a., & adv.) Used adverbially, in part; partly; somewhat; -- with a following preposition, especially, with, and commonly with repetition. \ (n.) Something; thing; stuff. \ (interrog. adv.) Why? For what purpose? On what account?
insert pancake (n.) A thin cake of batter fried in a pan or on a griddle; a griddlecake; a flapjack.
insert crop (n.) The pouchlike enlargement of the gullet of birds, serving as a receptacle for food; the craw. \ (n.) The top, end, or highest part of anything, especially of a plant or tree. \ (n.) That which is cropped, cut, or gathered from a single felld, or of a single kind of grain or fruit, or in a single season; especially, the product of what is planted in the earth; fruit; harvest. \ (n.) Grain or other product of the field while standing. \ (n.) Anything cut off or gathered. \ (n.) Hair cut close or short, or the act or style of so cutting; as, a convict's crop. \ (n.) A projecting ornament in carved stone. Specifically, a finial. \ (n.) Tin ore prepared for smelting. \ (n.) Outcrop of a vein or seam at the surface. \ (n.) A riding whip with a loop instead of a lash. \ (v. t.) To cut off the tops or tips of; to bite or pull off; to browse; to pluck; to mow; to reap. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To cut off, as if in harvest. \ (v. t.) To cause to bear a crop, to crop a field. \ (v. i.) To yield harvest.
insert robber (n.) One who robs; in law, one who feloniously takes goods or money from the person of another by violence or by putting him in fear.
insert tomorrow n. the day after today \ (adv.) On the day after the present day; on the next day; on the morrow. \ (n.) The day after the present; the morrow.
insert unusual (a.) Not usual; uncommon; rare; as, an unusual season; a person of unusual grace or erudition.
insert keen (superl.) Sharp; having a fine edge or point; as, a keen razor, or a razor with a keen edge. \ (superl.) Acute of mind; sharp; penetrating; having or expressing mental acuteness, a man of keen understanding; a keen look; keen features. \ (superl.) Bitter; piercing; acrimonious; cutting; stinging; severe, keen satire or sarcasm. \ (superl.) Piercing; -- applied to cold, wind, etc, , a keen wind; the cold is very keen. \ (superl.) Eager; vehement; fierce, a keen appetite. \ (v. t.) To sharpen; to make cold. \ (n.) A prolonged wail for a deceased person. Cf. Coranach. \ (v. i.) To wail as a keener does.
insert size n. the space occupied by something; how long, wide or high something is \ (n.) Six. \ (v. i.) A thin, weak glue used in various trades, as in painting, bookbinding, paper making, etc. \ (v. i.) Any viscous substance, as gilder's varnish. \ (v. t.) To cover with size; to prepare with size. \ (n.) A settled quantity or allowance. See Assize. \ (n.) An allowance of food and drink from the buttery, aside from the regular dinner at commons; -- corresponding to battel at Oxford. \ (n.) Extent of superficies or volume; bulk; bigness; magnitude; as, the size of a tree or of a mast; the size of a ship or of a rock. \ (n.) Figurative bulk; condition as to rank, ability, character, etc., the office demands a man of larger size. \ (n.) A conventional relative measure of dimension, as for shoes, gloves, and other articles made up for sale. \ (n.) An instrument consisting of a number of perforated gauges fastened together at one end by a rivet, -- used for ascertaining the size of pearls. \ (v. t.) To fix the standard of. \ (v. t.) To adjust or arrange according to size or bulk. \ (v. t.) To take the height of men, in order to place them in the ranks according to their stature. \ (v. t.) To sift, as pieces of ore or metal, in order to separate the finer from the coarser parts. \ (v. t.) To swell; to increase the bulk of. \ (v. t.) To bring or adjust anything exactly to a required dimension, as by cutting. \ (v. i.) To take greater size; to increase in size. \ (v. i.) To order food or drink from the buttery; hence, to enter a score, as upon the buttery book.
insert choose v. to decide between two or more \ (v. t.) To make choice of; to select; to take by way of preference from two or more objects offered; to elect; as, to choose the least of two evils. \ (v. t.) To wish; to desire; to prefer. \ (v. i.) To make a selection; to decide. \ (v. i.) To do otherwise.
insert chicken (n.) A young bird or fowl, esp. a young barnyard fowl. \ (n.) A young person; a child; esp. a young woman; a maiden.
insert hair n. the fine material that grows from the skin, especially from the head \ (n.) The collection or mass of filaments growing from the skin of an animal, and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole of the body. \ (n.) One the above-mentioned filaments, consisting, in invertebrate animals, of a long, tubular part which is free and flexible, and a bulbous root imbedded in the skin. \ (n.) Hair (human or animal) used for various purposes; as, hair for stuffing cushions. \ (n.) A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure, composition, and mode of growth. \ (n.) An outgrowth of the epidermis, consisting of one or of several cells, whether pointed, hooked, knobbed, or stellated. Internal hairs occur in the flower stalk of the yellow frog lily (Nuphar). \ (n.) A spring device used in a hair-trigger firearm. \ (n.) A haircloth. \ (n.) Any very small distance, or degree; a hairbreadth.
insert may v. a word used with an action word to mean permit or possible ("May I go?" "They may leave tomorrow.")
insert ruin v. to damage severely; to destroy \ (n.) The act of falling or tumbling down; fall. \ (n.) Such a change of anything as destroys it, or entirely defeats its object, or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as, the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes. \ (n.) That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay, his mind is a ruin; especially, in the plural, the remains of a destroyed, dilapidated, or desolate house, fortress, city, or the like. \ (n.) The state of being dcayed, or of having become ruined or worthless, to be in ruins; to go to ruin. \ (n.) That which promotes injury, decay, or destruction. \ (n.) To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow. \ (v. i.) To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
insert tobacco (n.) An American plant (Nicotiana Tabacum) of the Nightshade family, much used for smoking and chewing, and as snuff. As a medicine, it is narcotic, emetic, and cathartic. Tobacco has a strong, peculiar smell, and an acrid taste. \ (n.) The leaves of the plant prepared for smoking, chewing, etc., by being dried, cured, and manufactured in various ways.
insert chart (n.) A sheet of paper, pasteboard, or the like, on which information is exhibited, esp. when the information is arranged in tabular form; as, an historical chart. \ (n.) A map; esp., a hydrographic or marine map; a map on which is projected a portion of water and the land which it surrounds, or by which it is surrounded, intended especially for the use of seamen, the United States Coast Survey charts; the English Admiralty charts. \ (n.) A written deed; a charter. \ (v. t.) To lay down in a chart; to map; to delineate, to chart a coast.
insert housewife (n.) The wife of a householder; the mistress of a family; the female head of a household. \ (n.) A little case or bag for materials used in sewing, and for other articles of female work; -- called also hussy. \ (n.) A hussy. \ (v. t.) Alt. of Housewive
insert sky n. the space above the earth \ (n.) A cloud. \ (n.) Hence, a shadow. \ (n.) The apparent arch, or vault, of heaven, which in a clear day is of a blue color; the heavens; the firmament; -- sometimes in the plural. \ (n.) The wheather; the climate. \ (v. t.) To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall, where it can not be well seen. \ (v. t.) To throw towards the sky; as, to sky a ball at cricket.
insert bush (n.) A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest. \ (n.) A shrub; esp., a shrub with branches rising from or near the root; a thick shrub or a cluster of shrubs. \ (n.) A shrub cut off, or a shrublike branch of a tree; as, bushes to support pea vines. \ (n.) A shrub or branch, properly, a branch of ivy (as sacred to Bacchus), hung out at vintners' doors, or as a tavern sign; hence, a tavern sign, and symbolically, the tavern itself. \ (n.) The tail, or brush, of a fox. \ (v. i.) To branch thickly in the manner of a bush. \ (v. t.) To set bushes for; to support with bushes, to bush peas. \ (v. t.) To use a bush harrow on (land), for covering seeds sown; to harrow with a bush, to bush a piece of land; to bush seeds into the ground. \ (n.) A lining for a hole to make it smaller; a thimble or ring of metal or wood inserted in a plate or other part of machinery to receive the wear of a pivot or arbor. \ (n.) A piece of copper, screwed into a gun, through which the venthole is bored. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a bush, or lining, to bush a pivot hole.
insert program n. a plan of action; the different events or parts of a meeting or show \ (n.) Same as Programme.
insert slightly (adv.) In a slight manner. \ (adv.) Slightingly; negligently.
insert apple (n.) The fleshy pome or fruit of a rosaceous tree (Pyrus malus) cultivated in numberless varieties in the temperate zones. \ (n.) Any tree genus Pyrus which has the stalk sunken into the base of the fruit; an apple tree. \ (n.) Any fruit or other vegetable production resembling, or supposed to resemble, the apple; as, apple of love, or love apple (a tomato), balsam apple, egg apple, oak apple. \ (n.) Anything round like an apple, an apple of gold. \ (v. i.) To grow like an apple; to bear apples.
insert bedroom (n.) A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room. \ (n.) Room in a bed.
insert ordinary (a.) According to established order; methodical; settled; regular. \ (a.) Common; customary; usual. \ (a.) Of common rank, quality, or ability; not distinguished by superior excellence or beauty; hence, not distinguished in any way; commonplace; inferior; of little merit; as, men of ordinary judgment; an ordinary book. \ (n.) An officer who has original jurisdiction in his own right, and not by deputation. \ (n.) One who has immediate jurisdiction in matters ecclesiastical; an ecclesiastical judge; also, a deputy of the bishop, or a clergyman appointed to perform divine service for condemned criminals and assist in preparing them for death. \ (n.) A judicial officer, having generally the powers of a judge of probate or a surrogate. \ (n.) The mass; the common run. \ (n.) That which is so common, or continued, as to be considered a settled establishment or institution. \ (n.) Anything which is in ordinary or common use. \ (n.) A dining room or eating house where a meal is prepared for all comers, at a fixed price for the meal, in distinction from one where each dish is separately charged; a table d'hote, the meal furnished at such a dining room. \ (n.) A charge or bearing of simple form, one of nine or ten which are in constant use. The bend, chevron, chief, cross, fesse, pale, and saltire are uniformly admitted as ordinaries. Some authorities include bar, bend sinister, pile, and others. See Subordinary.
insert doll (n.) A child's puppet; a toy baby for a little girl.
insert battle n. a fight between opposing armed forces \ (a.) Fertile. See Battel, a. \ (v. t.) A general action, fight, or encounter, in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat. \ (v. t.) A struggle; a contest; as, the battle of life. \ (v. t.) A division of an army; a battalion. \ (v. t.) The main body, as distinct from the van and rear; battalia. \ (n.) To join in battle; to contend in fight, to battle over theories. \ (v. t.) To assail in battle; to fight.
insert arm (n.) The limb of the human body which extends from the shoulder to the hand; also, the corresponding limb of a monkey. \ (n.) Anything resembling an arm \ (n.) The fore limb of an animal, as of a bear. \ (n.) A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal. \ (n.) A branch of a tree. \ (n.) A slender part of an instrument or machine, projecting from a trunk, axis, or fulcrum; as, the arm of a steelyard. \ (n.) The end of a yard, the part of an anchor which ends in the fluke. \ (n.) An inlet of water from the sea. \ (n.) A support for the elbow, at the side of a chair, the end of a sofa, etc. \ (n.) Fig.: Power; might; strength; support, the secular arm; the arm of the law. \ (n.) A branch of the military service, the cavalry arm was made efficient. \ (n.) A weapon of offense or defense; an instrument of warfare; -- commonly in the pl. \ (v. t.) To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms. \ (v. t.) To furnish with arms or limbs. \ (v. t.) To furnish or equip with weapons of offense or defense, to arm soldiers; to arm the country. \ (v. t.) To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency, to arm the hit of a sword; to arm a hook in angling. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To furnish with means of defense; to prepare for resistance; to fortify, in a moral sense. \ (v. i.) To provide one's self with arms, weapons, or means of attack or resistance; to take arms.
insert lawn (n.) An open space between woods. \ (n.) Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with grass kept closely mown.
insert helpful (a.) Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary.
insert within (prep.) In the inner or interior part of; inside of; not without; as, within doors. \ (prep.) In the limits or compass of; not further in length than, within five miles; not longer in time than, within an hour; not exceeding in quantity, expenses kept within one's income. \ (prep.) Hence, inside the limits, reach, or influence of; not going outside of; not beyond, overstepping, exceeding, or the like. \ (adv.) In the inner part; inwardly; internally. \ (adv.) In the house; in doors, the master is within.
insert mountain n. a part of the earth's surface that rises high above the area around it \ (n.) A large mass of earth and rock, rising above the common level of the earth or adjacent land; earth and rock forming an isolated peak or a ridge; an eminence higher than a hill; a mount. \ (n.) A range, chain, or group of such elevations; as, the White Mountains. \ (n.) A mountainlike mass; something of great bulk. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a mountain or mountains; growing or living on a mountain; found on or peculiar to mountains; among mountains, a mountain torrent; mountain pines; mountain goats; mountain air; mountain howitzer. \ (a.) Like a mountain; mountainous; vast; very great.
insert magic (a.) A comprehensive name for all of the pretended arts which claim to produce effects by the assistance of supernatural beings, or departed spirits, or by a mastery of secret forces in nature attained by a study of occult science, including enchantment, conjuration, witchcraft, sorcery, necromancy, incantation, etc. \ (a.) Alt. of Magical
insert grand (superl.) Of large size or extent; great; extensive; hence, relatively great; greatest; chief; principal; as, a grand mountain; a grand army; a grand mistake. \ (superl.) Great in size, and fine or imposing in appearance or impression; illustrious, dignifled, or noble (said of persons); majestic, splendid, magnificent, or sublime (said of things), a grand monarch; a grand lord; a grand general; a grand view; a grand conception. \ (superl.) Having higher rank or more dignity, size, or importance than other persons or things of the same name, a grand lodge; a grand vizier; a grand piano, etc. \ (superl.) Standing in the second or some more remote degree of parentage or descent; -- generalIy used in composition, grandfather, grandson, grandchild, etc.
insert during ad. through the whole time; while (something is happening) \ (prep.) In the time of; as long as the action or existence of; as, during life; during the space of a year.
insert victim n. someone or something that is injured, killed or made to suffer; someone who is tricked \ (n.) A living being sacrificed to some deity, or in the performance of a religious rite; a creature immolated, or made an offering of. \ (n.) A person or thing destroyed or sacrificed in the pursuit of an object, or in gratification of a passion; as, a victim to jealousy, lust, or ambition. \ (n.) A person or living creature destroyed by, or suffering grievous injury from, another, from fortune or from accident, the victim of a defaulter; the victim of a railroad accident. \ (n.) Hence, one who is duped, or cheated; a dupe; a gull.
insert bound (imp.) of Bind \ (p. p.) of Bind \ (n.) The external or limiting line, either real or imaginary, of any object or space; that which limits or restrains, or within which something is limited or restrained; limit; confine; extent; boundary. \ (v. t.) To limit; to terminate; to fix the furthest point of extension of; -- said of natural or of moral objects; to lie along, or form, a boundary of; to inclose; to circumscribe; to restrain; to confine. \ (v. t.) To name the boundaries of; as, to bound France. \ (v. i.) To move with a sudden spring or leap, or with a succession of springs or leaps; as the beast bounded from his den; the herd bounded across the plain. \ (v. i.) To rebound, as an elastic ball. \ (v. t.) To make to bound or leap, to bound a horse. \ (v. t.) To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound, to bound a ball on the floor. \ (n.) A leap; an elastic spring; a jump. \ (n.) Rebound, the bound of a ball. \ (n.) Spring from one foot to the other. \ imp. & p. p. of Bind. \ (p. p. & a.) Restrained by a hand, rope, chain, fetters, or the like. \ (p. p. & a.) Inclosed in a binding or cover, a bound volume. \ (p. p. & a.) Under legal or moral restraint or obligation. \ (p. p. & a.) Constrained or compelled; destined; certain; -- followed by the infinitive, he is bound to succeed; he is bound to fail. \ (p. p. & a.) Resolved, I am bound to do it. \ (p. p. & a.) Constipated; costive. \ (v.) Ready or intending to go; on the way toward; going; -- with to or for, or with an adverb of motion, a ship is bound to Cadiz, or for Cadiz.
insert stuff (v. t.) Material which is to be worked up in any process of manufacture. \ (v. t.) The fundamental material of which anything is made up; elemental part; essence. \ (v. t.) Woven material not made into garments; fabric of any kind; specifically, any one of various fabrics of wool or worsted; sometimes, worsted fiber. \ (v. t.) Furniture; goods; domestic vessels or utensils. \ (v. t.) A medicine or mixture; a potion. \ (v. t.) Refuse or worthless matter; hence, also, foolish or irrational language; nonsense; trash. \ (v. t.) A melted mass of turpentine, tallow, etc., with which the masts, sides, and bottom of a ship are smeared for lubrication. \ (v. t.) Paper stock ground ready for use. \ (n.) To fill by crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess; as, to stuff a bedtick. \ (n.) To thrust or crowd; to press; to pack. \ (n.) To fill by being pressed or packed into. \ (n.) To fill with a seasoning composition of bread, meat, condiments, to stuff a turkey. \ (n.) To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration. \ (n.) To fill the skin of, for the purpose of preserving as a specimen; -- said of birds or other animals. \ (n.) To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material. \ (n.) To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies. \ (n.) To put fraudulent votes into (a ballot box). \ (v. i.) To feed gluttonously; to cram.
insert carrot (n.) An umbelliferous biennial plant (Daucus Carota), of many varieties. \ (n.) The esculent root of cultivated varieties of the plant, usually spindle-shaped, and of a reddish yellow color.
insert pineapple (n.) A tropical plant (Ananassa sativa); also, its fruit; -- so called from the resemblance of the latter, in shape and external appearance, to the cone of the pine tree. Its origin is unknown, though conjectured to be American.
insert employment (n.) The act of employing or using; also, the state of being employed. \ (n.) That which engages or occupies; that which consumes time or attention; office or post of business; service; as, agricultural employments; mechanical employments; public employments; in the employment of government.
insert red ad. having the color like that of blood \ . imp. & p. p. of Read. \ (v. t.) To put on order; to make tidy; also, to free from entanglement or embarrassement; -- generally with up; as, to red up a house. \ (superl.) Of the color of blood, or of a tint resembling that color; of the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is furthest from the violet part. \ (n.) The color of blood, or of that part of the spectrum farthest from violet, or a tint resembling these. \ (n.) A red pigment. \ (n.) An abbreviation for Red Republican. See under Red, a. \ (a.) The menses.
insert glance (n.) A sudden flash of light or splendor. \ (n.) A quick cast of the eyes; a quick or a casual look; a swift survey; a glimpse. \ (n.) An incidental or passing thought or allusion. \ (n.) A name given to some sulphides, mostly dark-colored, which have a brilliant metallic luster, as the sulphide of copper, called copper glance. \ (v. i.) To shoot or emit a flash of light; to shine; to flash. \ (v. i.) To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside. "Your arrow hath glanced". \ (v. i.) To look with a sudden, rapid cast of the eye; to snatch a momentary or hasty view. \ (v. i.) To make an incidental or passing reflection; to allude; to hint; -- often with at. \ (v. i.) To move quickly, appearing and disappearing rapidly; to be visible only for an instant at a time; to move interruptedly; to twinkle. \ (v. t.) To shoot or dart suddenly or obliquely; to cast for a moment; as, to glance the eye. \ (v. t.) To hint at; to touch lightly or briefly.
insert schoolboy (n.) A boy belonging to, or attending, a school.
insert too ad. also; as well as; more than is necessary \ (adv.) Over; more than enough; -- noting excess; as, a thing is too long, too short, or too wide; too high; too many; too much. \ (adv.) Likewise; also; in addition.
insert appointment (n.) The act of appointing; designation of a person to hold an office or discharge a trust; as, he erred by the appointment of unsuitable men. \ (n.) The state of being appointed to som/ service or office; an office to which one is appointed; station; position; an, the appointment of treasurer. \ (n.) Stipulation; agreement; the act of fixing by mutual agreement. Hence:: Arrangement for a meeting; engagement, they made an appointment to meet at six. \ (n.) Decree; direction; established order or constitution, to submit to the divine appointments. \ (n.) The exercise of the power of designating (under a "power of appointment") a person to enjoy an estate or other specific property; also, the instrument by which the designation is made. \ (n.) Equipment, furniture, as for a ship or an army; whatever is appointed for use and management; outfit; (pl.) the accouterments of military officers or soldiers, as belts, sashes, swords. \ (n.) An allowance to a person, esp. to a public officer; a perquisite; -- properly only in the plural. \ (n.) A honorary part or exercise, as an oration, etc., at a public exhibition of a college, to have an appointment.
insert tea n. a drink made from the plant of the same name \ (n.) The prepared leaves of a shrub, or small tree (Thea \ (n.) A decoction or infusion of tea leaves in boiling water; as, tea is a common beverage. \ (n.) Any infusion or decoction, especially when made of the dried leaves of plants; as, sage tea; chamomile tea; catnip tea. \ (n.) The evening meal, at which tea is usually served; supper. \ (v. i.) To take or drink tea. / Camellia, Chinensis). The shrub is a native of China, but has been introduced to some extent into some other countries.
insert visitor One who visits; one who comes or goes to see another, as in civility or friendship. \ A superior, or a person lawfully appointed for the purpose, who makes formal visits of inspection to a corporation or an institution. See Visit, v. t., 2, and Visitation, n., 2.
insert hate v. to have strong emotions against; to consider as an enemy; opposite love \ (n.) To have a great aversion to, with a strong desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike intensely; to detest; as, to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy. \ (n.) To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive, or a substantive clause with that, to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything should be wasted. \ (n.) To love less, relatively. \ (v.) Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward things, intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
insert useless (a.) Having, or being of, no use; unserviceable; producing no good end; answering no valuable purpose; not advancing the end proposed; unprofitable; ineffectual; as, a useless garment; useless pity.
insert fifteen (a.) Five and ten; one more than fourteen. \ (n.) The sum of five and ten; fifteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing fifteen units, as 15, or xv.
insert accident n. something that happens by chance or mistake; an unplanned event \ (n.) Literally, a befalling; an event that takes place without one's foresight or expectation; an undesigned, sudden, and unexpected event; chance; contingency; often, an undesigned and unforeseen occurrence of an afflictive or unfortunate character; a casualty; a mishap; as, to die by an accident. \ (n.) A property attached to a word, but not essential to it, as gender, number, case. \ (n.) A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms. \ (n.) A property or quality of a thing which is not essential to it, as whiteness in paper; an attribute. \ (n.) A quality or attribute in distinction from the substance, as sweetness, softness. \ (n.) Any accidental property, fact, or relation; an accidental or nonessential, beauty is an accident. \ (n.) Unusual appearance or effect.
insert awful (a.) Oppressing with fear or horror; appalling; terrible; as, an awful scene. \ (a.) Inspiring awe; filling with profound reverence, or with fear and admiration; fitted to inspire reverential fear; profoundly impressive. \ (a.) Struck or filled with awe; terror-stricken. \ (a.) Worshipful; reverential; law-abiding. \ (a.) Frightful; exceedingly bad; great; -- applied intensively, an awful bonnet; an awful boaster.
insert distant (a.) Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away. \ (a.) Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place, time, consanguinity, or connection; as, distant times; distant relatives. \ (a.) Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty, a distant manner. \ (a.) Indistinct; faint; obscure, as from distance. \ (a.) Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant, a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
insert believe v. to think; to feel sure of; to accept as true; to trust \ (n.) To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of, upon evidence furnished by reasons, arguments, and deductions of the mind, or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as, to believe a person, a statement, or a doctrine. \ (v. i.) To have a firm persuasion, esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith. \ (v. i.) To think; to suppose.
insert cassette (n.) Same as Seggar.
insert teenage (n.) The longer wood for making or mending fences.
insert determine (v. t.) To fix the boundaries of; to mark off and separate. \ (v. t.) To set bounds to; to fix the determination of; to limit; to bound; to bring to an end; to finish. \ (v. t.) To fix the form or character of; to shape; to prescribe imperatively; to regulate; to settle. \ (v. t.) To fix the course of; to impel and direct; -- with a remoter object preceded by to; as, another's will determined me to this course. \ (v. t.) To ascertain definitely; to find out the specific character or name of; to assign to its true place in a system, to determine an unknown or a newly discovered plant or its name. \ (v. t.) To bring to a conclusion, as a question or controversy; to settle authoritative or judicial sentence; to decide, the court has determined the cause. \ (v. t.) To resolve on; to have a fixed intention of; also, to cause to come to a conclusion or decision; to lead, this determined him to go immediately. \ (v. t.) To define or limit by adding a differentia. \ (v. t.) To ascertain the presence, quantity, or amount of, to determine the parallax; to determine the salt in sea water. \ (v. i.) To come to an end; to end; to terminate. \ (v. i.) To come to a decision; to resolve; -- often with on.
insert Sunday (n.) The first day of the week, -- consecrated among Christians to rest from secular employments, and to religious worship; the Christian Sabbath; the Lord's Day. \ (a.) Belonging to the Christian Sabbath.
insert locker (n.) One who, or that which, locks. \ (n.) A drawer, cupboard, compartment, or chest, esp. one in a ship, that may be closed with a lock.
insert army n. military ground forces \ (n.) A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers. \ (n.) A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as, the Blue Ribbon Army. \ (n.) A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
insert general n. a high military leader; ad. without details; affecting or including all or almost all \ (a.) Relating to a genus or kind; pertaining to a whole class or order; as, a general law of animal or vegetable economy. \ (a.) Comprehending many species or individuals; not special or particular; including all particulars, a general inference or conclusion. \ (a.) Not restrained or limited to a precise import; not specific; vague; indefinite; lax in signification, a loose and general expression. \ (a.) Common to many, or the greatest number; widely spread; prevalent; extensive, though not universal, a general opinion; a general custom. \ (a.) Having a relation to all; common to the whole, Adam, our general sire. \ (a.) As a whole; in gross; for the most part. \ (a.) Usual; common, on most occasions, his general habit or method. \ (a.) The whole; the total; that which comprehends or relates to all, or the chief part; -- opposed to particular. \ (a.) One of the chief military officers of a government or country; the commander of an army, of a body of men not less than a brigade. In European armies, the highest military rank next below field marshal. \ (a.) The roll of the drum which calls the troops together, to beat the general. \ (a.) The chief of an order of monks, or of all the houses or congregations under the same rule. \ (a.) The public; the people; the vulgar.
insert baking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Bake \ (n.) The act or process of cooking in an oven, or of drying and hardening by heat or cold. \ (n.) The quantity baked at once; a batch; as, a baking of bread.
insert helpless (a.) Destitute of help or strength; unable to help or defend one's self; needing help; feeble; weak; as, a helpless infant. \ (a.) Beyond help; irremediable. \ (a.) Bringing no help; unaiding. \ (a.) Unsupplied; destitute; -- with of.
insert chair (n.) A movable single seat with a back. \ (n.) An official seat, as of a chief magistrate or a judge, but esp. that of a professor; hence, the office itself. \ (n.) The presiding officer of an assembly; a chairman; as, to address the chair. \ (n.) A vehicle for one person; either a sedan borne upon poles, or two-wheeled carriage, drawn by one horse; a gig. \ (n.) An iron block used on railways to support the rails and secure them to the sleepers. \ (v. t.) To place in a chair. \ (v. t.) To carry publicly in a chair in triumph.
insert female n. a woman or girl; the sex that gives birth; ad. of or about women \ (n.) An individual of the sex which conceives and brings forth young, or (in a wider sense) which has an ovary and produces ova. \ (n.) A plant which produces only that kind of reproductive organs which are capable of developing into fruit after impregnation or fertilization; a pistillate plant. \ (a.) Belonging to the sex which conceives and gives birth to young, or (in a wider sense) which produces ova; not male. \ (a.) Belonging to an individual of the female sex; characteristic of woman; feminine; as, female tenderness. \ (a.) Having pistils and no stamens; pistillate; or, in cryptogamous plants, capable of receiving fertilization.
insert result v. to happen from a cause; n. that which follows or is produced by a cause; effect \ (v. i.) To leap back; to rebound. \ (v. i.) To come out, or have an issue; to terminate; to have consequences; -- followed by in; as, this measure will result in good or in evil. \ (v. i.) To proceed, spring, or rise, as a consequence, from facts, arguments, premises, combination of circumstances, consultation, thought, or endeavor. \ (n.) A flying back; resilience. \ (n.) That which results; the conclusion or end to which any course or condition of things leads, or which is obtained by any process or operation; consequence or effect, the result of a course of action; the result of a mathematical operation. \ (n.) The decision or determination of a council or deliberative assembly; a resolve; a decree.
insert employee (n.) One employed by another.
insert bucket (n.) A vessel for drawing up water from a well, or for catching, holding, or carrying water, sap, or other liquids. \ (n.) A vessel (as a tub or scoop) for hoisting and conveying coal, ore, grain, etc. \ (n.) One of the receptacles on the rim of a water wheel into which the water rushes, causing the wheel to revolve; also, a float of a paddle wheel. \ (n.) The valved piston of a lifting pump. \ (v. t.) To draw or lift in, or as if in, buckets; as, to bucket water. \ (v. t.) To pour over from a bucket; to drench. \ (v. t.) To ride (a horse) hard or mercilessly. \ (v. t.) To make, or cause to make (the recovery), with a certain hurried or unskillful forward swing of the body.
insert order v. to give a command; to tell someone what to do; n. a command; the correct or normal way things are organized; a peaceful situation in which people obey laws
insert yard (v. i.) A rod; a stick; a staff. \ (v. i.) A branch; a twig. \ (v. i.) A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc. \ (v. i.) A measure of length, equaling three feet, or thirty-six inches, being the standard of English and American measure. \ (v. i.) The penis. \ (v. i.) A long piece of timber, nearly cylindrical, tapering toward the ends, and designed to support and extend a square sail. A yard is usually hung by the center to the mast. See Illust. of Ship. \ (n.) An inclosure; usually, a small inclosed place in front of, or around, a house or barn; as, a courtyard; a cowyard; a barnyard. \ (n.) An inclosure within which any work or business is carried on, a dockyard; a shipyard. \ (v. t.) To confine (cattle) to the yard; to shut up, or keep, in a yard, to yard cows. \ (n.) A place where moose or deer herd together in winter for pasture, protection, etc.
insert arrangement (n.) The act of arranging or putting in an orderly condition; the state of being arranged or put in order; disposition in suitable form. \ (n.) The manner or result of arranging; system of parts disposed in due order; regular and systematic classification; as, arrangement of one's dress; the Linnaean arrangement of plants. \ (n.) Preparatory proceeding or measure; preparation, we have made arrangement for receiving company. \ (n.) Settlement; adjustment by agreement, the parties have made an arrangement between themselves concerning their disputes; a satisfactory arrangement. \ (n.) The adaptation of a composition to voices or instruments for which it was not originally written. \ (n.) A piece so adapted; a transcription, a pianoforte arrangement of Beethoven's symphonies; an orchestral arrangement of a song, an opera, or the like.
insert hear v. to receive sound through the ears; to receive news about \ (v. t.) To perceive by the ear; to apprehend or take cognizance of by the ear; as, to hear sounds; to hear a voice; to hear one call. \ (v. t.) To give audience or attention to; to listen to; to heed; to accept the doctrines or advice of; to obey; to examine; to try in a judicial court, to hear a recitation; to hear a class; the case will be heard to-morrow. \ (v. t.) To attend, or be present at, as hearer or worshiper, to hear a concert; to hear Mass. \ (v. t.) To give attention to as a teacher or judge. \ (v. t.) To accede to the demand or wishes of; to listen to and answer favorably; to favor. \ (v. i.) To have the sense or faculty of perceiving sound. \ (v. i.) To use the power of perceiving sound; to perceive or apprehend by the ear; to attend; to listen. \ (v. i.) To be informed by oral communication; to be told; to receive information by report or by letter.
insert live v. to have life; to exist; ad. having life; alive \ (v. i.) To be alive; to have life; to have, as an animal or a plant, the capacity of assimilating matter as food, and to be dependent on such assimilation for a continuance of existence; as, animals and plants that live to a great age are long in reaching maturity. \ (v. i.) To pass one's time; to pass life or time in a certain manner, as to habits, conduct, or circumstances, to live in ease or affluence; to live happily or usefully. \ (v. i.) To make one's abiding place or home; to abide; to dwell; to reside. \ (v. i.) To be or continue in existence; to remain; to be permanent; to last; -- said of inanimate objects, ideas, etc. \ (v. i.) To enjoy or make the most of life; to be in a state of happiness. \ (v. i.) To feed; to subsist; to be nourished or supported; -- with on, horses live on grass and grain. \ (v. i.) To have a spiritual existence; to be quickened, nourished, and actuated by divine influence or faith. \ (v. i.) To be maintained in life; to acquire a livelihood; -- with on or by, to live on spoils. \ (v. i.) To outlast danger; to float; -- said of a ship, boat, etc., no ship could live in such a storm. \ (v. t.) To spend, as one's life; to pass; to maintain; to continue in, constantly or habitually, to live an idle or a useful life. \ (v. t.) To act habitually in conformity with; to practice. \ (a.) Having life; alive; living; not dead. \ (a.) Being in a state of ignition; burning; having active properties, a live coal; live embers. \ (a.) Full of earnestness; active; wide awake; glowing, a live man, or orator. \ (a.) Vivid; bright. \ (a.) Imparting power; having motion, the live spindle of a lathe. \ (n.) Life.
insert silent (a.) Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet. \ (a.) Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative. \ (a.) Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as, the wind is silent. \ (a.) Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent, e is silent in "fable." \ (a.) Having no effect; not operating; inefficient. \ (n.) That which is silent; a time of silence.
insert considerable (a.) Worthy of consideration, borne in mind, or attended to. \ (a.) Of some distinction; noteworthy; influential; respectable; -- said of persons. \ (a.) Of importance or value.
insert spread v. to become longer or wider; to make or become widely known \ (imp. & p. p.) of Spread \ (v. t.) To extend in length and breadth, or in breadth only; to stretch or expand to a broad or broader surface or extent; to open; to unfurl; as, to spread a carpet; to spread a tent or a sail. \ (v. t.) To extend so as to cover something; to extend to a great or grater extent in every direction; to cause to fill or cover a wide or wider space. \ (v. t.) To divulge; to publish, as news or fame; to cause to be more extensively known; to disseminate; to make known fully, to spread a report; -- often acompanied by abroad. \ (v. t.) To propagate; to cause to affect great numbers, to spread a disease. \ (v. t.) To diffuse, as emanations or effluvia; to emit, odoriferous plants spread their fragrance. \ (v. t.) To strew; to scatter over a surface, to spread manure; to spread lime on the ground. \ (v. t.) To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions, to spread a table. \ (v. i.) To extend in length and breadth in all directions; to be extended or stretched; to expand. \ (v. i.) To be extended by drawing or beating, some metals spread with difficulty. \ (v. i.) To be made known more extensively, as news. \ (v. i.) To be propagated from one to another, the disease spread into all parts of the city. \ (n.) Extent; compass. \ (n.) Expansion of parts. \ (n.) A cloth used as a cover for a table or a bed. \ (n.) A table, as spread or furnished with a meal; hence, an entertainment of food; a feast. \ (n.) A privilege which one person buys of another, of demanding certain shares of stock at a certain price, or of delivering the same shares of stock at another price, within a time agreed upon. \ (n.) An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points. \ imp. & p. p. of Spread, v. \ (n.) An arbitrage transaction operated by buying and selling simultaneously in two separate markets, as Chicago and New York, when there is an abnormal difference in price between the two markets. It is called a back spreadwhen the difference in price is less than the normal one. \ (n.) Surface in proportion to the depth of a cut stone.
insert case (n.) A box, sheath, or covering; as, a case for holding goods; a case for spectacles; the case of a watch; the case (capsule) of a cartridge; a case (cover) for a book. \ (n.) A box and its contents; the quantity contained in a box, a case of goods; a case of instruments. \ (n.) A shallow tray divided into compartments or "boxes" for holding type. \ (n.) An inclosing frame; a casing, a door case; a window case. \ (n.) A small fissure which admits water to the workings. \ (v. t.) To cover or protect with, or as with, a case; to inclose. \ (v. t.) To strip the skin from, to case a box. \ (n.) Chance; accident; hap; opportunity. \ (n.) That which befalls, comes, or happens; an event; an instance; a circumstance, or all the circumstances; condition; state of things; affair, a strange case; a case of injustice; the case of the Indian tribes. \ (n.) A patient under treatment; an instance of sickness or injury, ten cases of fever; also, the history of a disease or injury. \ (n.) The matters of fact or conditions involved in a suit, as distinguished from the questions of law; a suit or action at law; a cause. \ (n.) One of the forms, or the inflections or changes of form, of a noun, pronoun, or adjective, which indicate its relation to other words, and in the aggregate constitute its declension; the relation which a noun or pronoun sustains to some other word. \ (v. i.) To propose hypothetical cases.
insert host (n.) The consecrated wafer, believed to be the body of Christ, which in the Mass is offered as a sacrifice; also, the bread before consecration. \ (n.) An army; a number of men gathered for war. \ (n.) Any great number or multitude; a throng. \ (n.) One who receives or entertains another, whether gratuitously or for compensation; one from whom another receives food, lodging, or entertainment; a landlord. \ (v. t.) To give entertainment to. \ (v. i.) To lodge at an inn; to take up entertainment. \ (n.) Any animal or plant affording lodgment or subsistence to a parasitic or commensal organism. Thus a tree is a host of an air plant growing upon it.
insert trousers (n. pl.) A garment worn by men and boys, extending from the waist to the knee or to the ankle, and covering each leg separately.
insert hey (a.) High. \ (interj.) An exclamation of joy, surprise, or encouragement. \ (interj.) A cry to set dogs on.
insert wonderful ad. causing wonder; especially good \ (a.) Adapted to excite wonder or admiration; surprising; strange; astonishing.
insert lion (n.) A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo), found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa, distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male, in most varieties, has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size, which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length, however, is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker, and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety, called the maneless lion, the male has only a slight mane. \ (n.) A sign and a constellation; Leo. \ (n.) An object of interest and curiosity, especially a person who is so regarded; as, he was quite a lion in London at that time.
insert image a reproduction of the appearance of a person or thing \ (n.) An imitation, representation, or similitude of any person, thing, or act, sculptured, drawn, painted, or otherwise made perceptible to the sight; a visible presentation; a copy; a likeness; an effigy; a picture; a semblance. \ (n.) Hence: The likeness of anything to which worship is paid; an idol. \ (n.) Show; appearance; cast. \ (n.) A representation of anything to the mind; a picture drawn by the fancy; a conception; an idea. \ (n.) A picture, example, or illustration, often taken from sensible objects, and used to illustrate a subject; usually, an extended metaphor. \ (n.) The figure or picture of any object formed at the focus of a lens or mirror, by rays of light from the several points of the object symmetrically refracted or reflected to corresponding points in such focus; this may be received on a screen, a photographic plate, or the retina of the eye, and viewed directly by the eye, or with an eyeglass, as in the telescope and microscope; the likeness of an object formed by reflection; as, to see one's image in a mirror. \ (v. t.) To represent or form an image of, the still lake imaged the shore; the mirror imaged her figure. \ (v. t.) To represent to the mental vision; to form a likeness of by the fancy or recollection; to imagine.
insert document n. an official piece of paper with facts written on it, used as proof or support of something \ (n.) That which is taught or authoritatively set forth; precept; instruction; dogma. \ (n.) An example for instruction or warning. \ (n.) An original or official paper relied upon as the basis, proof, or support of anything else; -- in its most extended sense, including any writing, book, or other instrument conveying information in the case; any material substance on which the thoughts of men are represented by any species of conventional mark or symbol. \ (v. t.) To teach; to school. \ (v. t.) To furnish with documents or papers necessary to establish facts or give information; as, a a ship should be documented according to the directions of law.
insert carpenter (n.) An artificer who works in timber; a framer and builder of houses, ships, etc.
insert dear (superl.) Bearing a high price; high-priced; costly; expensive. \ (superl.) Marked by scarcity or dearth, and exorbitance of price; as, a dear year. \ (superl.) Highly valued; greatly beloved; cherished; precious. \ (superl.) Hence, close to the heart; heartfelt; present in mind; engaging the attention. \ (superl.) Of agreeable things and interests. \ (superl.) Of disagreeable things and antipathies. \ (n.) A dear one; lover; sweetheart. \ (adv.) Dearly; at a high price. \ (v. t.) To endear.
insert old ad. not young or new; having lived or existed for many years \ (n.) Open country. \ (superl.) Not young; advanced far in years or life; having lived till toward the end of the ordinary term of living; as, an old man; an old age; an old horse; an old tree. \ (superl.) Not new or fresh; not recently made or produced; having existed for a long time, old wine; an old friendship. \ (superl.) Formerly existing; ancient; not modern; preceding; original, an old law; an old custom; an old promise. \ (superl.) Continued in life; advanced in the course of existence; having (a certain) length of existence; -- designating the age of a person or thing, an infant a few hours old; a cathedral centuries old. \ (superl.) Long practiced; hence, skilled; experienced; cunning, an old offender; old in vice. \ (superl.) Long cultivated, an old farm; old land, as opposed to new land, that is, to land lately cleared. \ (superl.) Worn out; weakened or exhausted by use; past usefulness, old shoes; old clothes. \ (superl.) More than enough; abundant. \ (superl.) Aged; antiquated, wanting in the mental vigor or other qualities belonging to youth; -- used disparagingly as a term of reproach. \ (superl.) Old-fashioned; wonted; customary; as of old, the good old times, colloquially, gay; jolly. \ (superl.) Used colloquially as a term of cordiality and familiarity.
insert explain v. to give reasons for; to make clear; to tell about; to tell the meaning \ (a.) To flatten; to spread out; to unfold; to expand. \ (a.) To make plain, manifest, or intelligible; to clear of obscurity; to expound; to unfold and illustrate the meaning of; as, to explain a chapter of the Bible. \ (v. i.) To give an explanation.
insert white ad. having the color like that of milk or snow \ (superl.) Reflecting to the eye all the rays of the spectrum combined; not tinted with any of the proper colors or their mixtures; having the color of pure snow; snowy; -- the opposite of black or dark; as, white paper; a white skin. \ (superl.) Destitute of color, as in the cheeks, or of the tinge of blood color; pale; pallid, white with fear. \ (superl.) Having the color of purity; free from spot or blemish, or from guilt or pollution; innocent; pure. \ (superl.) Gray, as from age; having silvery hair; hoary. \ (superl.) Characterized by freedom from that which disturbs, and the like; fortunate; happy; favorable. \ (superl.) Regarded with especial favor; favorite; darling. \ (n.) The color of pure snow; one of the natural colors of bodies, yet not strictly a color, but a composition of all colors; the opposite of black; whiteness. See the Note under Color, n., 1. \ (n.) Something having the color of snow; something white, or nearly so, the white of the eye. \ (n.) Specifically, the central part of the butt in archery, which was formerly painted white; the center of a mark at which a missile is shot. \ (n.) A person with a white skin; a member of the white, or Caucasian, races of men. \ (n.) A white pigment, Venice white. \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of butterflies belonging to Pieris, and allied genera in which the color is usually white. See Cabbage butterfly, under Cabbage. \ (v. t.) To make white; to whiten; to whitewash; to bleach.
insert foreign ad. of, about or from another nation; not from one's own place or country \ (a.) Outside; extraneous; separated; alien; as, a foreign country; a foreign government. \ (a.) Not native or belonging to a certain country; born in or belonging to another country, nation, sovereignty, or locality, a foreign language; foreign fruits. \ (a.) Remote; distant; strange; not belonging; not connected; not pertaining or pertient; not appropriate; not harmonious; not agreeable; not congenial; -- with to or from, foreign to the purpose; foreign to one's nature. \ (a.) Held at a distance; excluded; exiled.
insert car n. a vehicle with wheels used to carry people; an automobile; a part of a train \ (n.) A small vehicle moved on wheels; usually, one having but two wheels and drawn by one horse; a cart. \ (n.) A vehicle adapted to the rails of a railroad. \ (n.) A chariot of war or of triumph; a vehicle of splendor, dignity, or solemnity. \ (n.) The stars also called Charles's Wain, the Great Bear, or the Dipper. \ (n.) The cage of a lift or elevator. \ (n.) The basket, box, or cage suspended from a balloon to contain passengers, ballast, etc. \ (n.) A floating perforated box for living fish.
insert salary (a.) Saline \ (n.) The recompense or consideration paid, or stipulated to be paid, to a person at regular intervals for services; fixed wages, as by the year, quarter, or month; stipend; hire. \ (v. t.) To pay, or agree to pay, a salary to; to attach salary to; as, to salary a clerk; to salary a position.
insert figure (n.) The form of anything; shape; outline; appearance. \ (n.) The representation of any form, as by drawing, painting, modeling, carving, embroidering, etc.; especially, a representation of the human body; as, a figure in bronze; a figure cut in marble. \ (n.) A pattern in cloth, paper, or other manufactured article; a design wrought out in a fabric, the muslin was of a pretty figure. \ (n.) A diagram or drawing; made to represent a magnitude or the relation of two or more magnitudes; a surface or space inclosed on all sides; -- called superficial when inclosed by lines, and solid when inclosed by surface; any arrangement made up of points, lines, angles, surfaces, etc. \ (n.) The appearance or impression made by the conduct or carrer of a person, a sorry figure. \ (n.) Distinguished appearance; magnificence; conspicuous representation; splendor; show. \ (n.) A character or symbol representing a number; a numeral; a digit, 1, 2,3, etc. \ (n.) Value, as expressed in numbers; price, the goods are estimated or sold at a low figure. \ (n.) A person, thing, or action, conceived of as analogous to another person, of which it thus becomes a type or representative. \ (n.) A mode of expressing abstract or immaterial ideas by words which suggest pictures or images from the physical world; pictorial language; a trope; hence, any deviation from the plainest form of statement. \ (n.) The form of a syllogism with respect to the relative position of the middle term. \ (n.) Any one of the several regular steps or movements made by a dancer. \ (n.) A horoscope; the diagram of the aspects of the astrological houses. \ (n.) Any short succession of notes, either as melody or as a group of chords, which produce a single complete and distinct impression. \ (n.) A form of melody or accompaniment kept up through a strain or passage; a musical or motive; a florid embellishment. \ (n.) To represent by a figure, as to form or mold; to make an image of, either palpable or ideal; also, to fashion into a determinate form; to shape. \ (n.) To embellish with design; to adorn with figures. \ (n.) To indicate by numerals, to compute. \ (n.) To represent by a metaphor; to signify or symbolize. \ (n.) To prefigure; to foreshow. \ (n.) To write over or under the bass, as figures or other characters, in order to indicate the accompanying chords. \ (n.) To embellish. \ (v. t.) To make a figure; to be distinguished or conspicious, the envoy figured at court. \ (v. t.) To calculate; to contrive; to scheme, he is figuring to secure the nomination.
insert truth (n.) The quality or being true; as: -- (a) Conformity to fact or reality; exact accordance with that which is, or has been; or shall be. \ (n.) Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example, mood, object of imitation, or the like. \ (n.) Fidelity; constancy; steadfastness; faithfulness. \ (n.) The practice of speaking what is true; freedom from falsehood; veracity. \ (n.) That which is true or certain concerning any matter or subject, or generally on all subjects; real state of things; fact; verity; reality. \ (n.) A true thing; a verified fact; a true statement or proposition; an established principle, fixed law, or the like; as, the great truths of morals. \ (n.) Righteousness; true religion. \ (v. t.) To assert as true; to declare.
insert cab (n.) A kind of close carriage with two or four wheels, usually a public vehicle. \ (n.) The covered part of a locomotive, in which the engineer has his station. \ (n.) A Hebrew dry measure, containing a little over two (2.37) pints.
insert beginner (n.) One who begins or originates anything. Specifically: A young or inexperienced practitioner or student; a tyro.
insert copy v. to make something exactly like another; n. something made to look exactly like another \ (n.) An abundance or plenty of anything. \ (n.) An imitation, transcript, or reproduction of an original work; as, a copy of a letter, an engraving, a painting, or a statue. \ (n.) An individual book, or a single set of books containing the works of an author, a copy of the Bible; a copy of the works of Addison. \ (n.) That which is to be imitated, transcribed, or reproduced; a pattern, model, or example, his virtues are an excellent copy for imitation. \ (n.) Manuscript or printed matter to be set up in type, the printers are calling for more copy. \ (n.) A writing paper of a particular size. Same as Bastard. See under Paper. \ (n.) Copyhold; tenure; lease. \ (n.) To make a copy or copies of; to write; print, engrave, or paint after an original; to duplicate; to reproduce; to transcribe, to copy a manuscript, inscription, design, painting, etc.; -- often with out, sometimes with off. \ (n.) To imitate; to attempt to resemble, as in manners or course of life. \ (v. i.) To make a copy or copies; to imitate. \ (v. i.) To yield a duplicate or transcript, the letter did not copy well.
insert translate (v. t.) To bear, carry, or remove, from one place to another; to transfer; as, to translate a tree. \ (v. t.) To change to another condition, position, place, or office; hence, to remove as by death. \ (v. t.) To remove to heaven without a natural death. \ (v. t.) To remove, as a bishop, from one see to another. \ (v. t.) To render into another language; to express the sense of in the words of another language; to interpret, to explain or recapitulate in other words. \ (v. t.) To change into another form; to transform. \ (v. t.) To cause to remove from one part of the body to another, to translate a disease. \ (v. t.) To cause to lose senses or recollection; to entrance. \ (v. i.) To make a translation; to be engaged in translation.
insert fact n. something known or proved to be true \ (n.) A doing, making, or preparing. \ (n.) An effect produced or achieved; anything done or that comes to pass; an act; an event; a circumstance. \ (n.) Reality; actuality; truth; as, he, in fact, excelled all the rest; the fact is, he was beaten. \ (n.) The assertion or statement of a thing done or existing; sometimes, even when false, improperly put, by a transfer of meaning, for the thing done, or supposed to be done; a thing supposed or asserted to be done, history abounds with false facts.
insert burn v. to be on fire; to destroy or damage by fire \ (v. t.) To consume with fire; to reduce to ashes by the action of heat or fire; -- frequently intensified by up: as, to burn up wood. \ (v. t.) To injure by fire or heat; to change destructively some property or properties of, by undue exposure to fire or heat; to scorch; to scald; to blister; to singe; to char; to sear; as, to burn steel in forging; to burn one's face in the sun; the sun burns the grass. \ (v. t.) To perfect or improve by fire or heat; to submit to the action of fire or heat for some economic purpose; to destroy or change some property or properties of, by exposure to fire or heat in due degree for obtaining a desired residuum, product, or effect; to bake, to burn clay in making bricks or pottery; to burn wood so as to produce charcoal; to burn limestone for the lime. \ (v. t.) To make or produce, as an effect or result, by the application of fire or heat, to burn a hole; to burn charcoal; to burn letters into a block. \ (v. t.) To consume, injure, or change the condition of, as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does, to burn the mouth with pepper. \ (v. t.) To apply a cautery to; to cauterize. \ (v. t.) To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent, with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize, a man burns a certain amount of carbon at each respiration; to burn iron in oxygen. \ (v. i.) To be of fire; to flame. \ (v. i.) To suffer from, or be scorched by, an excess of heat. \ (v. i.) To have a condition, quality, appearance, sensation, or emotion, as if on fire or excessively heated; to act or rage with destructive violence; to be in a state of lively emotion or strong desire, the face burns; to burn with fever. \ (v. i.) To combine energetically, copper burns in chlorine. \ (v. i.) In certain games, to approach near to a concealed object which is sought. \ (n.) A hurt, injury, or effect caused by fire or excessive or intense heat. \ (n.) The operation or result of burning or baking, as in brickmaking, they have a good burn. \ (n.) A disease in vegetables. See Brand, n., 6. \ (n.) A small stream.
insert hopeless (a.) Destitute of hope; having no expectation of good; despairing. \ (a.) Giving no ground of hope; promising nothing desirable; desperate; as, a hopeless cause. \ (a.) Unhoped for; despaired of.
insert waist (n.) That part of the human body which is immediately below the ribs or thorax; the small part of the body between the thorax and hips. \ (n.) Hence, the middle part of other bodies; especially (Naut.), that part of a vessel's deck, bulwarks, etc., which is between the quarter-deck and the forecastle; the middle part of the ship. \ (n.) A garment, or part of a garment, which covers the body from the neck or shoulders to the waist line. \ (n.) A girdle or belt for the waist.
insert depend v. to need help and support \ (v. i.) To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above. \ (v. i.) To hang in suspense; to be pending; to be undetermined or undecided; as, a cause depending in court. \ (v. i.) To rely for support; to be conditioned or contingent; to be connected with anything, as a cause of existence, or as a necessary condition; -- followed by on or upon, formerly by of. \ (v. i.) To trust; to rest with confidence; to rely; to confide; to be certain; -- with on or upon, we depend on the word or assurance of our friends; we depend on the mail at the usual hour. \ (v. i.) To serve; to attend; to act as a dependent or retainer. \ (v. i.) To impend.
insert melon (n.) The juicy fruit of certain cucurbitaceous plants, as the muskmelon, watermelon, and citron melon; also, the plant that produces the fruit. \ (n.) A large, ornamental, marine, univalve shell of the genus Melo.
insert neither ad. not one or the other of two \ (a.) Not either; not the one or the other. \ (conj.) not either; generally used to introduce the first of two or more coordinate clauses of which those that follow begin with nor.
insert feature (n.) The make, form, or outward appearance of a person; the whole turn or style of the body; esp., good appearance. \ (n.) The make, cast, or appearance of the human face, and especially of any single part of the face; a lineament. (pl.) The face, the countenance. \ (n.) The cast or structure of anything, or of any part of a thing, as of a landscape, a picture, a treaty, or an essay; any marked peculiarity or characteristic; as, one of the features of the landscape. \ (n.) A form; a shape.
insert quickly (adv.) Speedily; with haste or celerity; soon; without delay; quick.
insert remove v. to take away or take off; to put an end to; to take out of a position or office \ (v. t.) To move away from the position occupied; to cause to change place; to displace; as, to remove a building. \ (v. t.) To cause to leave a person or thing; to cause to cease to be; to take away; hence, to banish; to destroy; to kill, to remove a disease. \ (v. t.) To dismiss or discharge from office, the President removed many postmasters. \ (v. i.) To change place in any manner, or to make a change in place; to move or go from one residence, position, or place to another. \ (n.) The act of removing; a removal. \ (n.) The transfer of one's business, or of one's domestic belongings, from one location or dwelling house to another; -- in the United States usually called a move. \ (n.) The state of being removed. \ (n.) That which is removed, as a dish removed from table to make room for something else. \ (n.) The distance or space through which anything is removed; interval; distance; stage, a step or degree in any scale of gradation; specifically, a division in an English public school, the boy went up two removes last year. \ (n.) The act of resetting a horse's shoe.
insert return v. to go or come back; to bring, give, take or send back
insert fund (n.) An aggregation or deposit of resources from which supplies are or may be drawn for carrying on any work, or for maintaining existence. \ (n.) A stock or capital; a sum of money appropriated as the foundation of some commercial or other operation undertaken with a view to profit; that reserve by means of which expenses and credit are supported; as, the fund of a bank, commercial house, manufacturing corporation, etc. \ (n.) The stock of a national debt; public securities; evidences (stocks or bonds) of money lent to government, for which interest is paid at prescribed intervals; -- called also public funds. \ (n.) An invested sum, whose income is devoted to a specific object, the fund of an ecclesiastical society; a fund for the maintenance of lectures or poor students; also, money systematically collected to meet the expenses of some permanent object. \ (n.) A store laid up, from which one may draw at pleasure; a supply; a full provision of resources, a fund of wisdom or good sense. \ (v. t.) To provide and appropriate a fund or permanent revenue for the payment of the interest of; to make permanent provision of resources (as by a pledge of revenue from customs) for discharging the interest of or principal of, to fund government notes. \ (v. t.) To place in a fund, as money. \ (v. t.) To put into the form of bonds or stocks bearing regular interest, to fund the floating debt.
insert index (n.) That which points out; that which shows, indicates, manifests, or discloses. \ (n.) That which guides, points out, informs, or directs; a pointer or a hand that directs to anything, as the hand of a watch, a movable finger on a gauge, scale, or other graduated instrument. In printing, a sign used to direct particular attention to a note or paragraph; -- called also fist. \ (n.) A table for facilitating reference to topics, names, and the like, in a book; -- usually alphabetical in arrangement, and printed at the end of the volume. \ (n.) A prologue indicating what follows. \ (n.) The second digit, that next pollex, in the manus, or hand; the forefinger; index finger. \ (n.) The figure or letter which shows the power or root of a quantity; the exponent. \ (v. t.) To provide with an index or table of references; to put into an index; as, to index a book, or its contents. \ (n.) The ratio, or formula expressing the ratio, of one dimension of a thing to another dimension, the vertical index of the cranium.
insert sixtieth (a.) Next in order after the fifty-ninth. \ (a.) Constituting or being one one of sixty equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by sixty; one of sixty equal parts forming a whole. \ (n.) The next in order after the fifty-ninth; the tenth after the fiftieth.
insert seventeenth (a.) Next in order after the sixteenth; coming after sixteen others. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of seventeen equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The next in order after the sixteenth; one coming after sixteen others. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by seventeen; one of seventeen equal parts or divisions of one whole. \ (n.) An interval of two octaves and a third.
insert arrest v. to seize a person for legal action; to take as a prisoner \ (v. t.) To stop; to check or hinder the motion or action of; as, to arrest the current of a river; to arrest the senses. \ (v. t.) To take, seize, or apprehend by authority of law, to arrest one for debt, or for a crime. \ (v. t.) To seize on and fix; to hold; to catch, to arrest the eyes or attention. \ (v. t.) To rest or fasten; to fix; to concentrate. \ (v. i.) To tarry; to rest. \ (v. t.) The act of stopping, or restraining from further motion, etc.; stoppage; hindrance; restraint, an arrest of development. \ (v. t.) The taking or apprehending of a person by authority of law; legal restraint; custody. Also, a decree, mandate, or warrant. \ (v. t.) Any seizure by power, physical or moral. \ (v. t.) A scurfiness of the back part of the hind leg of a horse; -- also named rat-tails.
insert male n. a man or boy; the sex that is the father of children; ad. of or about men \ (a.) Evil; wicked; bad. \ (n.) Same as Mail, a bag. \ (v. t.) Of or pertaining to the sex that begets or procreates young, or (in a wider sense) to the sex that produces spermatozoa, by which the ova are fertilized; not female; as, male organs. \ (v. t.) Capable of producing fertilization, but not of bearing fruit; -- said of stamens and antheridia, and of the plants, or parts of plants, which bear them. \ (v. t.) Suitable to the male sex; characteristic or suggestive of a male; masculine, male courage. \ (v. t.) Consisting of males, a male choir. \ (v. t.) Adapted for entering another corresponding piece (the female piece) which is hollow and which it fits, a male gauge, for gauging the size or shape of a hole; a male screw, etc. \ (n.) An animal of the male sex. \ (n.) A plant bearing only staminate flowers.
insert peanut (n.) The fruit of a trailing leguminous plant (Arachis hypogaea); also, the plant itself, which is widely cultivated for its fruit.
insert rainy (a.) Abounding with rain; wet; showery; as, rainy weather; a rainy day or season.
insert bedtime (n.) The time to go to bed.
insert accept v. to agree to receive \ (v. t.) To receive with a consenting mind (something offered); as, to accept a gift; -- often followed by of. \ (v. t.) To receive with favor; to approve. \ (v. t.) To receive or admit and agree to; to assent to, I accept your proposal, amendment, or excuse. \ (v. t.) To take by the mind; to understand, How are these words to be accepted? \ (v. t.) To receive as obligatory and promise to pay, to accept a bill of exchange. \ (v. t.) In a deliberate body, to receive in acquittance of a duty imposed, to accept the report of a committee. [This makes it the property of the body, and the question is then on its adoption.] \ (a.) Accepted.
insert suggestion (n.) The act of suggesting; presentation of an idea. \ (n.) That which is suggested; an intimation; an insinuation; a hint; a different proposal or mention; also, formerly, a secret incitement; temptation. \ (n.) Charge; complaint; accusation. \ (n.) Information without oath; an entry of a material fact or circumstance on the record for the information of the court, at the death or insolvency of a party. \ (n.) The act or power of originating or recalling ideas or relations, distinguished as original and relative; -- a term much used by Scottish metaphysicians from Hutcherson to Thomas Brown. \ (n.) The control of the mind of an hypnotic subject by ideas in the mind of the hypnotizer.
insert miss v. to fail to hit, see, reach or meet
insert suffering (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Suffer \ (n.) The bearing of pain, inconvenience, or loss; pain endured; distress, loss, or injury incurred; as, sufferings by pain or sorrow; sufferings by want or by wrongs. \ (a.) Being in pain or grief; having loss, injury, etc.
insert nearly (adv.) In a near manner; not remotely; closely; intimately; almost.
insert sand n. extremely small pieces of crushed rock found in large amounts in deserts and on coasts \ (n.) Fine particles of stone, esp. of siliceous stone, but not reduced to dust; comminuted stone in the form of loose grains, which are not coherent when wet. \ (n.) A single particle of such stone. \ (n.) The sand in the hourglass; hence, a moment or interval of time; the term or extent of one's life. \ (n.) Tracts of land consisting of sand, like the deserts of Arabia and Africa; also, extensive tracts of sand exposed by the ebb of the tide. \ (n.) Courage; pluck; grit. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle or cover with sand. \ (v. t.) To drive upon the sand. \ (v. t.) To bury (oysters) beneath drifting sand or mud. \ (v. t.) To mix with sand for purposes of fraud; as, to sand sugar.
insert pence (n.) pl. of Penny. See Penny. \ (pl. ) of Penny
insert mention (n.) A speaking or notice of anything, -- usually in a brief or cursory manner. Used especially in the phrase to make mention of. \ (v. t.) To make mention of; to speak briefly of; to name.
insert way n. a path on land or sea or in the air; how something is done; method \ (adv.) Away. \ (n.) That by, upon, or along, which one passes or processes; opportunity or room to pass; place of passing; passage; road, street, track, or path of any kind; as, they built a way to the mine. \ (n.) Length of space; distance; interval, a great way; a long way. \ (n.) A moving; procession; journey. \ (n.) Course or direction of motion or process; tendency of action; advance. \ (n.) The means by which anything is reached, or anything is accomplished; scheme; device; plan. \ (n.) Manner; method; mode; fashion; style, the way of expressing one's ideas. \ (n.) Regular course; habitual method of life or action; plan of conduct; mode of dealing. \ (n.) Sphere or scope of observation. \ (n.) Determined course; resolved mode of action or conduct, to have one's way. \ (n.) Progress, a ship has way. \ (n.) The timbers on which a ship is launched. \ (n.) The longitudinal guides, or guiding surfaces, on the bed of a planer, lathe, or the like, along which a table or carriage moves. \ (n.) Right of way. See below. \ (v. t.) To go or travel to; to go in, as a way or path. \ (v. i.) To move; to progress; to go.
insert beyond (prep.) On the further side of; in the same direction as, and further on or away than. \ (prep.) At a place or time not yet reached; before. \ (prep.) Past, out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as, the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength. \ (prep.) In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above, as in dignity, excellence, or quality of any kind. \ (adv.) Further away; at a distance; yonder.
insert democracy n. the system of government in which citizens vote to choose leaders or to make other important decisions \ (n.) Government by the people; a form of government in which the supreme power is retained and directly exercised by the people. \ (n.) Government by popular representation; a form of government in which the supreme power is retained by the people, but is indirectly exercised through a system of representation and delegated authority periodically renewed; a constitutional representative government; a republic. \ (n.) Collectively, the people, regarded as the source of government. \ (n.) The principles and policy of the Democratic party, so called.
insert trumpet (n.) A wind instrument of great antiquity, much used in war and military exercises, and of great value in the orchestra. In consists of a long metallic tube, curved (once or twice) into a convenient shape, and ending in a bell. Its scale in the lower octaves is limited to the first natural harmonics; but there are modern trumpets capable, by means of valves or pistons, of producing every tone within their compass, although at the expense of the true ringing quality of tone. \ (n.) A trumpeter. \ (n.) One who praises, or propagates praise, or is the instrument of propagating it. \ (n.) A funnel, or short, fiaring pipe, used as a guide or conductor, as for yarn in a knitting machine. \ (v. t.) To publish by, or as by, sound of trumpet; to noise abroad; to proclaim; as, to trumpet good tidings. \ (v. i.) To sound loudly, or with a tone like a trumpet; to utter a trumplike cry.
insert zero n. the number meaning none or nothing \ (n.) A cipher; nothing; naught. \ (n.) The point from which the graduation of a scale, as of a thermometer, commences. \ (n.) Fig.: The lowest point; the point of exhaustion; as, his patience had nearly reached zero.
insert madam (n.) A gentlewoman; -- an appellation or courteous form of address given to a lady, especially an elderly or a married lady; -- much used in the address, at the beginning of a letter, to a woman. The corresponding word in addressing a man is Sir.
insert bind (v. t.) To tie, or confine with a cord, band, ligature, chain, etc.; to fetter; to make fast; as, to bind grain in bundles; to bind a prisoner. \ (v. t.) To confine, restrain, or hold by physical force or influence of any kind, attraction binds the planets to the sun; frost binds the earth, or the streams. \ (v. t.) To cover, as with a bandage; to bandage or dress; -- sometimes with up, to bind up a wound. \ (v. t.) To make fast ( a thing) about or upon something, as by tying; to encircle with something, to bind a belt about one; to bind a compress upon a part. \ (v. t.) To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action, certain drugs bind the bowels. \ (v. t.) To protect or strengthen by a band or binding, as the edge of a carpet or garment. \ (v. t.) To sew or fasten together, and inclose in a cover, to bind a book. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To oblige, or hold, by authority, law, duty, promise, vow, affection, or other moral tie, to bind the conscience; to bind by kindness; bound by affection; commerce binds nations to each other. \ (v. t.) To bring (any one) under definite legal obligations; esp. under the obligation of a bond or covenant. \ (v. t.) To place under legal obligation to serve; to indenture, to bind an apprentice; -- sometimes with out, bound out to service. \ (v. i.) To tie; to confine by any ligature. \ (v. i.) To contract; to grow hard or stiff; to cohere or stick together in a mass, clay binds by heat. \ (v. i.) To be restrained from motion, or from customary or natural action, as by friction. \ (v. i.) To exert a binding or restraining influence. \ (n.) That which binds or ties. \ (n.) Any twining or climbing plant or stem, esp. a hop vine; a bine. \ (n.) Indurated clay, when much mixed with the oxide of iron. \ (n.) A ligature or tie for grouping notes.
insert naturally (adv.) In a natural manner or way; according to the usual course of things; spontaneously.
insert shell v. to fire artillery; n. a metal container that is fired from a large gun and explodes when it reaches its target; a hard outside cover \ (n.) A hard outside covering, as of a fruit or an animal. \ (n.) The covering, or outside part, of a nut; as, a hazelnut shell. \ (n.) A pod. \ (n.) The hard covering of an egg. \ (n.) The hard calcareous or chitinous external covering of mollusks, crustaceans, and some other invertebrates. In some mollusks, as the cuttlefishes, it is internal, or concealed by the mantle. Also, the hard covering of some vertebrates, as the armadillo, the tortoise, and the like. \ (n.) Hence, by extension, any mollusks having such a covering. \ (n.) A hollow projectile, of various shapes, adapted for a mortar or a cannon, and containing an explosive substance, ignited with a fuse or by percussion, by means of which the projectile is burst and its fragments scattered. See Bomb. \ (n.) The case which holds the powder, or charge of powder and shot, used with breechloading small arms. \ (n.) Any slight hollow structure; a framework, or exterior structure, regarded as not complete or filled in, the shell of a house. \ (n.) A coarse kind of coffin; also, a thin interior coffin inclosed in a more substantial one. \ (n.) An instrument of music, as a lyre, -- the first lyre having been made, it is said, by drawing strings over a tortoise shell. \ (n.) An engraved copper roller used in print works. \ (n.) The husks of cacao seeds, a decoction of which is often used as a substitute for chocolate, cocoa, etc. \ (n.) The outer frame or case of a block within which the sheaves revolve. \ (n.) A light boat the frame of which is covered with thin wood or with paper, a racing shell. \ (v. t.) To strip or break off the shell of; to take out of the shell, pod, etc., to shell nuts or pease; to shell oysters. \ (v. t.) To separate the kernels of (an ear of Indian corn, wheat, oats, etc.) from the cob, ear, or husk. \ (v. t.) To throw shells or bombs upon or into; to bombard, to shell a town. \ (v. i.) To fall off, as a shell, crust, etc. \ (v. i.) To cast the shell, or exterior covering; to fall out of the pod or husk, nuts shell in falling. \ (v. i.) To be disengaged from the ear or husk, wheat or rye shells in reaping. \ (n.) Something similar in form or action to an ordnance shell; \ (n.) A case or cartridge containing a charge of explosive material, which bursts after having been thrown high into the air. It is often elevated through the agency of a larger firework in which it is contained. \ (n.) A torpedo. \ (n.) A concave rough cast-iron tool in which a convex lens is ground to shape. \ (n.) A gouge bit or shell bit.
insert boil v. to heat a liquid until it becomes very hot \ (v.) To be agitated, or tumultuously moved, as a liquid by the generation and rising of bubbles of steam (or vapor), or of currents produced by heating it to the boiling point; to be in a state of ebullition; as, the water boils. \ (v.) To be agitated like boiling water, by any other cause than heat; to bubble; to effervesce, the boiling waves. \ (v.) To pass from a liquid to an aeriform state or vapor when heated, the water boils away. \ (v.) To be moved or excited with passion; to be hot or fervid, his blood boils with anger. \ (v.) To be in boiling water, as in cooking, the potatoes are boiling. \ (v. t.) To heat to the boiling point, or so as to cause ebullition, to boil water. \ (v. t.) To form, or separate, by boiling or evaporation, to boil sugar or salt. \ (v. t.) To subject to the action of heat in a boiling liquid so as to produce some specific effect, as cooking, cleansing, etc., to boil meat; to boil clothes. \ (v. t.) To steep or soak in warm water. \ (n.) Act or state of boiling. \ (n.) A hard, painful, inflamed tumor, which, on suppuration, discharges pus, mixed with blood, and discloses a small fibrous mass of dead tissue, called the core.
insert boxing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Box \ (n.) The act of inclosing (anything) in a box, as for storage or transportation. \ (n.) Material used in making boxes or casings. \ (n.) Any boxlike inclosure or recess; a casing. \ (n.) The external case of thin material used to bring any member to a required form. \ (n.) The act of fighting with the fist; a combat with the fist; sparring.
insert set v. to put in place or position; to establish a time, price or limit \ (imp. & p. p.) of Set \ (v. t.) To cause to sit; to make to assume a specified position or attitude; to give site or place to; to place; to put; to fix; as, to set a house on a stone foundation; to set a book on a shelf; to set a dish on a table; to set a chest or trunk on its bottom or on end. \ (v. t.) Hence, to attach or affix (something) to something else, or in or upon a certain place. \ (v. t.) To make to assume specified place, condition, or occupation; to put in a certain condition or state (described by the accompanying words); to cause to be. \ (v. t.) To fix firmly; to make fast, permanent, or stable; to render motionless; to give an unchanging place, form, or condition to. \ (v. t.) To cause to stop or stick; to obstruct; to fasten to a spot; hence, to occasion difficulty to; to embarrass, to set a coach in the mud. \ (v. t.) To fix beforehand; to determine, to make unyielding or obstinate; to render stiff, unpliant, or rigid, to set one's countenance. \ (v. t.) To fix in the ground, as a post or a tree; to plant, to set pear trees in an orchard. \ (v. t.) To fix, as a precious stone, in a border of metal; to place in a setting, to place in or amid something which serves as a setting, to set glass in a sash. \ (v. t.) To render stiff or solid; especially, to convert into curd; to curdle, to set milk for cheese. \ (v. t.) To put into a desired position or condition; to adjust; to regulate; to adapt. \ (v. t.) To put in order in a particular manner; to prepare, to set (that is, to hone) a razor; to set a saw. \ (v. t.) To extend and bring into position; to spread, to set the sails of a ship. \ (v. t.) To give a pitch to, as a tune; to start by fixing the keynote, to set a psalm. \ (v. t.) To reduce from a dislocated or fractured state; to replace, to set a broken bone. \ (v. t.) To make to agree with some standard, to set a watch or a clock. \ (v. t.) To lower into place and fix solidly, as the blocks of cut stone in a structure. \ (v. t.) To stake at play; to wager; to risk. \ (v. t.) To fit with music; to adapt, as words to notes; to prepare for singing. \ (v. t.) To determine; to appoint; to assign, to set a time for a meeting; to set a price on a horse. \ (v. t.) To adorn with something infixed or affixed; to stud; to variegate with objects placed here and there. \ (v. t.) To value; to rate; -- with at. \ (v. t.) To point out the seat or position of, as birds, or other game; -- said of hunting dogs. \ (v. t.) To establish as a rule; to furnish; to prescribe, to set an example; to set lessons to be learned. \ (v. t.) To suit; to become, it sets him ill. \ (v. t.) To compose; to arrange in words, lines, etc., to set type; to set a page. \ (v. i.) To pass below the horizon; to go down; to decline; to sink out of sight; to come to an end. \ (v. i.) To fit music to words. \ (v. i.) To place plants or shoots in the ground; to plant. \ (v. i.) To congeal; to concrete; to solidify.
insert cake (n.) A small mass of dough baked; especially, a thin loaf from unleavened dough; as, an oatmeal cake; johnnycake. \ (n.) A sweetened composition of flour and other ingredients, leavened or unleavened, baked in a loaf or mass of any size or shape. \ (n.) A thin wafer-shaped mass of fried batter; a griddlecake or pancake; as buckwheat cakes. \ (n.) A mass of matter concreted, congealed, or molded into a solid mass of any form, esp. into a form rather flat than high, a cake of soap; an ague cake. \ (v. i.) To form into a cake, or mass. \ (v. i.) To concrete or consolidate into a hard mass, as dough in an oven; to coagulate. \ (v. i.) To cackle as a goose.
insert truly (adv.) In a true manner; according to truth; in agreement with fact; as, to state things truly; the facts are truly represented. \ (adv.) Exactly; justly; precisely; accurately, to estimate truly the weight of evidence. \ (adv.) Sincerely; honestly; really; faithfully, to be truly attached to a lover; the citizens are truly loyal to their prince or their country. \ (adv.) Conformably to law; legally; legitimately. \ (adv.) In fact; in deed; in reality; in truth.
insert bee p. p. of Be; -- used for been. \ (n.) An insect of the order Hymenoptera, and family Apidae (the honeybees), or family Andrenidae (the solitary bees.) See Honeybee. \ (n.) A neighborly gathering of people who engage in united labor for the benefit of an individual or family; as, a quilting bee; a husking bee; a raising bee. \ (n.) Pieces of hard wood bolted to the sides of the bowsprit, to reeve the fore-topmast stays through; -- called also bee blocks.
insert vocabulary (n.) A list or collection of words arranged in alphabetical order and explained; a dictionary or lexicon, either of a whole language, a single work or author, a branch of science, or the like; a word-book. \ (n.) A sum or stock of words employed.
insert loud ad. having a strong sound; full of sound or noise \ (superl.) Having, making, or being a strong or great sound; noisy; striking the ear with great force; as, a loud cry; loud thunder. \ (superl.) Clamorous; boisterous. \ (superl.) Emphatic; impressive; urgent, a loud call for united effort. \ (superl.) Ostentatious; likely to attract attention; gaudy, a loud style of dress; loud colors. \ (adv.) With loudness; loudly.
insert youth (pl. ) of Youth \ (n.) The quality or state of being young; youthfulness; juvenility. \ (n.) The part of life that succeeds to childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life, from childhood, or, sometimes, from infancy, to manhood. \ (n.) A young person; especially, a young man. \ (n.) Young persons, collectively.
insert boxer (n.) One who packs boxes. \ (n.) One who boxes; a pugilist. \ (n.) A member of a powerful Chinese organization which committed numerous outrages on Europeans and Christian converts in the uprising against foreigners in 1900. Various names, as "League of United Patriots" and "Great Knife [or Sword] Society," have been given as the Chinese name of the organization; why the members were called Boxers is uncertain.
insert father n. the male parent; a man who has a child or children \ (n.) One who has begotten a child, whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent. \ (n.) A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially, a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural, fathers, ancestors. \ (n.) One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance, affetionate care, counsel, or protection. \ (n.) A respectful mode of address to an old man. \ (n.) A senator of ancient Rome. \ (n.) A dignitary of the church, a superior of a convent, a confessor (called also father confessor), or a priest; also, the eldest member of a profession, or of a legislative assembly, etc. \ (n.) One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as, the Latin, Greek, or apostolic Fathers. \ (n.) One who, or that which, gives origin; an originator; a producer, author, or contriver; the first to practice any art, profession, or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher. \ (n.) The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology, the first person in the Trinity. \ (v. t.) To make one's self the father of; to beget. \ (v. t.) To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence, to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement, policy, etc.). \ (v. t.) To provide with a father.
insert post (a.) Hired to do what is wrong; suborned. \ (n.) A piece of timber, metal, or other solid substance, fixed, or to be fixed, firmly in an upright position, especially when intended as a stay or support to something else; a pillar; as, a hitching post; a fence post; the posts of a house. \ (n.) The doorpost of a victualer's shop or inn, on which were chalked the scores of customers; hence, a score; a debt. \ (n.) The place at which anything is stopped, placed, or fixed; a station. \ (n.) A station, or one of a series of stations, established for the refreshment and accommodation of travelers on some recognized route, a stage or railway post. \ (n.) A military station; the place at which a soldier or a body of troops is stationed; also, the troops at such a station. \ (n.) The piece of ground to which a sentinel's walk is limited. \ (n.) A messenger who goes from station; an express; especially, one who is employed by the government to carry letters and parcels regularly from one place to another; a letter carrier; a postman. \ (n.) An established conveyance for letters from one place or station to another, the governmental system in any country for carrying and distributing letters and parcels; the post office; the mail, the carriage by which the mail is transported. \ (n.) Haste or speed, like that of a messenger or mail carrier. \ (n.) One who has charge of a station, especially of a postal station. \ (n.) A station, office, or position of service, trust, or emolument, the post of duty; the post of danger. \ (n.) A size of printing and writing paper. See the Table under Paper. \ (v. t.) To attach to a post, a wall, or other usual place of affixing public notices; to placard, to post a notice; to post playbills. \ (v. t.) To hold up to public blame or reproach; to advertise opprobriously; to denounce by public proclamation, to post one for cowardice. \ (v. t.) To enter (a name) on a list, as for service, promotion, or the like. \ (v. t.) To assign to a station; to set; to place, to post a sentinel. \ (v. t.) To carry, as an account, from the journal to the ledger, to post an account; to transfer, as accounts, to the ledger. \ (v. t.) To place in the care of the post; to mail, to post a letter. \ (v. t.) To inform; to give the news to; to make (one) acquainted with the details of a subject; -- often with up. \ (v. i.) To travel with post horses; figuratively, to travel in haste. \ (v. i.) To rise and sink in the saddle, in accordance with the motion of the horse, esp. in trotting. \ (adv.) With post horses, in haste, to travel post. \ A pole or pillar, carved and painted with a series of totemic symbols, set up before the house of certain Indian tribes of the northwest coast of North America, esp. Indians of the Koluschan stock.
insert run v. to move quickly by steps faster than those used for walking \ of Run \ (p. p.) of Run \ (a.) To move, proceed, advance, pass, go, come, etc., swiftly, smoothly, or with quick action; -- said of things animate or inanimate. Hence, to flow, glide, or roll onward, as a stream, a snake, a wagon; to move by quicker action than in walking, as a person, a horse, a dog. \ (a.) To go swiftly; to pass at a swift pace; to hasten. \ (a.) To flee, as from fear or danger. \ (a.) To steal off; to depart secretly. \ (a.) To contend in a race; hence, to enter into a contest; to become a candidate; as, to run for Congress. \ (a.) To pass from one state or condition to another; to come into a certain condition; -- often with in or into, to run into evil practices; to run in debt. \ (a.) To exert continuous activity; to proceed, to run through life; to run in a circle. \ (a.) To pass or go quickly in thought or conversation, to run from one subject to another. \ (a.) To discuss; to continue to think or speak about something; -- with on. \ (a.) To make numerous drafts or demands for payment, as upon a bank; -- with on. \ (a.) To creep, as serpents. \ (a.) To flow, as a liquid; to ascend or descend; to course, rivers run to the sea; sap runs up in the spring; her blood ran cold. \ (a.) To proceed along a surface; to extend; to spread. \ (a.) To become fluid; to melt; to fuse. \ (a.) To turn, as a wheel; to revolve on an axis or pivot, a wheel runs swiftly round. \ (a.) To travel; to make progress; to be moved by mechanical means; to go, the steamboat runs regularly to Albany; the train runs to Chicago. \ (a.) To extend; to reach, the road runs from Philadelphia to New York; the memory of man runneth not to the contrary. \ (a.) To go back and forth from place to place; to ply, the stage runs between the hotel and the station. \ (a.) To make progress; to pass. \ (a.) To continue in operation; to be kept in action or motion, this engine runs night and day; the mill runs six days in the week. \ (a.) To have a course or direction, a line runs east and west. \ (a.) To be in form thus, as a combination of words. \ (a.) To be popularly known; to be generally received. \ (a.) To have growth or development, boys and girls run up rapidly. \ (a.) To tend, as to an effect or consequence; to incline. \ (a.) To spread and blend together; to unite, colors run in washing. \ (a.) To have a legal course; to be attached; to continue in force, effect, or operation; to follow; to go in company, certain covenants run with the land. \ (a.) To continue without falling due; to hold good, a note has thirty days to run. \ (a.) To discharge pus or other matter, an ulcer runs. \ (a.) To be played on the stage a number of successive days or nights, the piece ran for six months. \ (a.) To sail before the wind, in distinction from reaching or sailing closehauled; -- said of vessels. \ (v. i.) To pursue in thought; to carry in contemplation. \ (v. i.) To drive or force; to cause, or permit, to be driven.
insert spirit n. the part of a human that is not physical and is connected to thoughts and emotions; the part of a person that is believed to remain alive after death \ (n.) Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence, sometimes, life itself. \ (n.) A rough breathing; an aspirate, as the letter h; also, a mark to denote aspiration; a breathing. \ (n.) Life, or living substance, considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence, force, or energy, as distinct from matter. \ (n.) The intelligent, immaterial and immortal part of man; the soul, in distinction from the body in which it resides; the agent or subject of vital and spiritual functions, whether spiritual or material. \ (n.) Specifically, a disembodied soul; the human soul after it has left the body. \ (n.) Any supernatural being, good or bad; an apparition; a specter; a ghost, a sprite; a fairy; an elf. \ (n.) Energy, vivacity, ardor, enthusiasm, courage, etc. \ (n.) One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper; as, a ruling spirit; a schismatic spirit. \ (n.) Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state; -- often in the plural, to be cheerful, or in good spirits; to be downhearted, or in bad spirits. \ (n.) Intent; real meaning; -- opposed to the letter, or to formal statement, characteristic quality, especially such as is derived from the individual genius or the personal character, the spirit of an enterprise, of a document, or the like. \ (n.) Tenuous, volatile, airy, or vapory substance, possessed of active qualities. \ (n.) Any liquid produced by distillation; especially, alcohol, the spirits, or spirit, of wine (it having been first distilled from wine): -- often in the plural. \ (n.) Rum, whisky, brandy, gin, and other distilled liquors having much alcohol, in distinction from wine and malt liquors. \ (n.) A solution in alcohol of a volatile principle. Cf. Tincture. \ (n.) Any one of the four substances, sulphur, sal ammoniac, quicksilver, or arsenic (or, according to some, orpiment). \ (n.) Stannic chloride. See under Stannic. \ (v. t.) To animate with vigor; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit, civil dissensions often spirit the ambition of private men; -- sometimes followed by up. \ (v. t.) To convey rapidly and secretly, or mysteriously, as if by the agency of a spirit; to kidnap; -- often with away, or off.
insert ski (n.) Same as Skee.
insert department (v. i.) Act of departing; departure. \ (v. i.) A part, portion, or subdivision. \ (v. i.) A distinct course of life, action, study, or the like; appointed sphere or walk; province. \ (v. i.) Subdivision of business or official duty; especially, one of the principal divisions of executive government; as, the treasury department; the war department; also, in a university, one of the divisions of instruction, the medical department; the department of physics. \ (v. i.) A territorial division; a district; esp., in France, one of the districts composed of several arrondissements into which the country is divided for governmental purposes, the Department of the Loire. \ (v. i.) A military subdivision of a country, the Department of the Potomac.
insert sheet (v. t.) In general, a large, broad piece of anything thin, as paper, cloth, etc.; a broad, thin portion of any substance; an expanded superficies. \ (v. t.) A broad piece of cloth, usually linen or cotton, used for wrapping the body or for a covering; especially, one used as an article of bedding next to the body. \ (v. t.) A broad piece of paper, whether folded or unfolded, whether blank or written or printed upon; hence, a letter; a newspaper, etc. \ (v. t.) A single signature of a book or a pamphlet; \ (v. t.) the book itself. \ (v. t.) A broad, thinly expanded portion of metal or other substance; as, a sheet of copper, of glass, or the like; a plate; a leaf. \ (v. t.) A broad expanse of water, or the like. \ (v. t.) A sail. \ (v. t.) An extensive bed of an eruptive rock intruded between, or overlying, other strata. \ (v. t.) A rope or chain which regulates the angle of adjustment of a sail in relation in relation to the wind; -- usually attached to the lower corner of a sail, or to a yard or a boom. \ (v. t.) The space in the forward or the after part of a boat where there are no rowers, fore sheets; stern sheets. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a sheet or sheets; to wrap in, or cover with, a sheet, or as with a sheet. \ (v. t.) To expand, as a sheet.
insert nineteenth (a.) Following the eighteenth and preceding the twentieth; coming after eighteen others. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of nineteen equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by nineteen; one of nineteen equal parts of anything. \ (n.) The next in order after the eighteenth. \ (n.) An interval of two octaves and a fifth.
insert harp (n.) A musical instrument consisting of a triangular frame furnished with strings and sometimes with pedals, held upright, and played with the fingers. \ (n.) A constellation; Lyra, or the Lyre. \ (n.) A grain sieve. \ (n.) To play on the harp. \ (n.) To dwell on or recur to a subject tediously or monotonously in speaking or in writing; to refer to something repeatedly or continually; -- usually with on or upon. \ (v. t.) To play on, as a harp; to play (a tune) on the harp; to develop or give expression to by skill and art; to sound forth as from a harp; to hit upon.
insert everyone (n.) Everybody; -- commonly separated, every one.
insert after ad. later; behind \ (a.) Next; later in time; subsequent; succeeding; as, an after period of life. \ (a.) Hinder; nearer the rear. \ (a.) To ward the stern of the ship; -- applied to any object in the rear part of a vessel; as the after cabin, after hatchway. \ (prep.) Behind in place, men in line one after another. \ (prep.) Below in rank; next to in order. \ (prep.) Later in time, after supper, after three days. It often precedes a clause. Formerly that was interposed between it and the clause. \ (prep.) Subsequent to and in consequence of, after what you have said, I shall be careful. \ (prep.) Subsequent to and notwithstanding, after all our advice, you took that course. \ (prep.) Moving toward from behind; following, in search of; in pursuit of. \ (prep.) Denoting the aim or object; concerning; in relation to, to look after workmen; to inquire after a friend; to thirst after righteousness. \ (prep.) In imitation of; in conformity with; after the manner of, to make a thing after a model; a picture after Rubens; the boy takes after his father. \ (prep.) According to; in accordance with; in conformity with the nature of, he acted after his kind. \ (prep.) According to the direction and influence of; in proportion to; befitting. \ (adv.) Subsequently in time or place; behind; afterward, he follows after.
insert bath (n.) The act of exposing the body, or part of the body, for purposes of cleanliness, comfort, health, etc., to water, vapor, hot air, or the like; as, a cold or a hot bath; a medicated bath; a steam bath; a hip bath. \ (n.) Water or other liquid for bathing. \ (n.) A receptacle or place where persons may immerse or wash their bodies in water. \ (n.) A building containing an apartment or a series of apartments arranged for bathing. \ (n.) A medium, as heated sand, ashes, steam, through which heat is applied to a body. \ (n.) A solution in which plates or prints are immersed; also, the receptacle holding the solution. \ (n.) A Hebrew measure containing the tenth of a homer, or five gallons and three pints, as a measure for liquids; and two pecks and five quarts, as a dry measure. \ (n.) A city in the west of England, resorted to for its hot springs, which has given its name to various objects.
insert otherwise (adv.) In a different manner; in another way, or in other ways; differently; contrarily. \ (adv.) In other respects. \ (adv.) In different circumstances; under other conditions; as, I am engaged, otherwise I would accept.
insert mail n. letters, papers and other things sent through an official system, such as a post office \ (n.) A spot. \ (n.) A small piece of money; especially, an English silver half-penny of the time of Henry V. \ (n.) Rent; tribute. \ (n.) A flexible fabric made of metal rings interlinked. It was used especially for defensive armor. \ (n.) Hence generally, armor, or any defensive covering. \ (n.) A contrivance of interlinked rings, for rubbing off the loose hemp on lines and white cordage. \ (n.) Any hard protective covering of an animal, as the scales and plates of reptiles, shell of a lobster, etc. \ (v. t.) To arm with mail. \ (v. t.) To pinion. \ (n.) A bag; a wallet. \ (n.) The bag or bags with the letters, papers, or other matter contained therein, conveyed under public authority from one post office to another; the whole system of appliances used by government in the conveyance and delivery of mail matter. \ (n.) That which comes in the mail; letters, etc., received through the post office. \ (n.) A trunk, box, or bag, in which clothing, may be carried. \ (v. t.) To deliver into the custody of the postoffice officials, or place in a government letter box, for transmission by mail; to post; as, to mail a letter.
insert mind n. the thinking, feeling part of a person \ (v.) The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives, judges, or reasons; also, the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body. \ (v.) The state, at any given time, of the faculties of thinking, willing, choosing, and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief. \ (v.) Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will. \ (v.) Courage; spirit. \ (v.) Memory; remembrance; recollection; as, to have or keep in mind, to call to mind, to put in mind, etc. \ (n.) To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note. \ (n.) To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to, to mind one's business. \ (n.) To obey, to mind parents; the dog minds his master. \ (n.) To have in mind; to purpose. \ (n.) To put in mind; to remind. \ (v. i.) To give attention or heed; to obey, the dog minds well.
insert regulation (n.) The act of regulating, or the state of being regulated. \ (n.) A rule or order prescribed for management or government; prescription; a regulating principle; a governing direction; precept; law; as, the regulations of a society or a school.
insert unexpected (a.) Not expected; coming without warning; sudden.
insert cocktail (n.) A beverage made of brandy, whisky, or gin, iced, flavored, and sweetened. \ (n.) A horse, not of pure breed, but having only one eighth or one sixteenth impure blood in his veins. \ (n.) A mean, half-hearted fellow; a coward. \ (n.) A species of rove beetle; -- so called from its habit of elevating the tail.
insert shrimp (v. t.) To contract; to shrink. \ (v.) Any one of numerous species of macruran Crustacea belonging to Crangon and various allied genera, having a slender body and long legs. Many of them are used as food. The larger kinds are called also prawns. See Illust. of Decapoda. \ (v.) In a more general sense, any species of the macruran tribe Caridea, or any species of the order Schizopoda, having a similar form. \ (v.) In a loose sense, any small crustacean, including some amphipods and even certain entomostracans; as, the fairy shrimp, and brine shrimp. See under Fairy, and Brine. \ (v.) Figuratively, a little wrinkled man; a dwarf; -- in contempt.
insert imagine v. to make a picture in the mind; to form an idea \ (v. t.) To form in the mind a notion or idea of; to form a mental image of; to conceive; to produce by the imagination. \ (v. t.) To contrive in purpose; to scheme; to devise; to compass; to purpose. See Compass, v. t., 5. \ (v. t.) To represent to one's self; to think; to believe. \ (v. i.) To form images or conceptions; to devise. \ (v. i.) To think; to suppose.
insert border n. a dividing line between nations \ (n.) The outer part or edge of anything, as of a garment, a garden, etc.; margin; verge; brink. \ (n.) A boundary; a frontier of a state or of the settled part of a country; a frontier district. \ (n.) A strip or stripe arranged along or near the edge of something, as an ornament or finish. \ (n.) A narrow flower bed. \ (v. i.) To touch at the edge or boundary; to be contiguous or adjacent; -- with on or upon as, Connecticut borders on Massachusetts. \ (v. i.) To approach; to come near to; to verge. \ (v. t.) To make a border for; to furnish with a border, as for ornament; as, to border a garment or a garden. \ (v. t.) To be, or to have, contiguous to; to touch, or be touched, as by a border; to be, near the limits or boundary, the region borders a forest, or is bordered on the north by a forest. \ (v. t.) To confine within bounds; to limit.
insert relationship (n.) The state of being related by kindred, affinity, or other alliance.
insert microphone (n.) An instrument for intensifying and making audible very feeble sounds. It produces its effects by the changes of intensity in an electric current, occasioned by the variations in the contact resistance of conducting bodies, especially of imperfect conductors, under the action of acoustic vibrations.
insert creative (a.) Having the power to create; exerting the act of creation.
insert finish v. to complete; to end \ (v. t.) To arrive at the end of; to bring to an end; to put an end to; to make an end of; to terminate. \ (v. t.) To bestow the last required labor upon; to complete; to bestow the utmost possible labor upon; to perfect; to accomplish; to polish. \ (v. i.) To come to an end; to terminate. \ (v. i.) To end; to die. \ (n.) That which finishes, puts an end to/ or perfects. \ (n.) The joiner work and other finer work required for the completion of a building, especially of the interior. See Inside finish, and Outside finish. \ (n.) The labor required to give final completion to any work; hence, minute detail, careful elaboration, or the like. \ (n.) See Finishing coat, under Finishing. \ (n.) The result of completed labor, as on the surface of an object; manner or style of finishing; as, a rough, dead, or glossy finish given to cloth, stone, metal, etc. \ (n.) Completion; -- opposed to start, or beginning.
insert few ad. not many; a small number of \ (superl.) Not many; small, limited, or confined in number; -- indicating a small portion of units or individuals constituing a whole; often, by ellipsis of a noun, a few people.
insert whether (pron.) Which (of two); which one (of two); -- used interrogatively and relatively. \ (conj.) In case; if; -- used to introduce the first or two or more alternative clauses, the other or others being connected by or, or by or whether. When the second of two alternatives is the simple negative of the first it is sometimes only indicated by the particle not or no after the correlative, and sometimes it is omitted entirely as being distinctly implied in the whether of the first.
insert boast (v. i.) To vaunt one's self; to brag; to say or tell things which are intended to give others a high opinion of one's self or of things belonging to one's self; as, to boast of one's exploits courage, descent, wealth. \ (v. i.) To speak in exulting language of another; to glory; to exult. \ (v. t.) To display in ostentatious language; to speak of with pride, vanity, or exultation, with a view to self-commendation; to extol. \ (v. t.) To display vaingloriously. \ (v. t.) To possess or have, to boast a name. \ (v. t.) To dress, as a stone, with a broad chisel. \ (v. t.) To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required. \ (n.) Act of boasting; vaunting or bragging. \ (n.) The cause of boasting; occasion of pride or exultation, -- sometimes of laudable pride or exultation.
insert recommend (v. t.) To commend to the favorable notice of another; to commit to another's care, confidence, or acceptance, with favoring representations; to put in a favorable light before any one; to bestow commendation on; as, he recommended resting the mind and exercising the body. \ (v. t.) To make acceptable; to attract favor to. \ (v. t.) To commit; to give in charge; to commend.
insert Thursday (n.) The fifth day of the week, following Wednesday and preceding Friday.
insert neighborhood (n.) The quality or condition of being a neighbor; the state of being or dwelling near; proximity. \ (n.) A place near; vicinity; adjoining district; a region the inhabitants of which may be counted as neighbors; as, he lives in my neighborhood. \ (n.) The inhabitants who live in the vicinity of each other, the fire alarmed all the neiborhood. \ (n.) The disposition becoming a neighbor; neighborly kindness or good will.
insert draw (v. t.) To cause to move continuously by force applied in advance of the thing moved; to pull along; to haul; to drag; to cause to follow. \ (v. t.) To influence to move or tend toward one's self; to exercise an attracting force upon; to call towards itself; to attract; hence, to entice; to allure; to induce. \ (v. t.) To cause to come out for one's use or benefit; to extract; to educe; to bring forth; as: (a) To bring or take out, or to let out, from some receptacle, as a stick or post from a hole, water from a cask or well, etc. \ (v. t.) To pull from a sheath, as a sword. \ (v. t.) To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive. \ (v. t.) To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive. \ (v. t.) To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund, or the like; as, to draw money from a bank. \ (v. t.) To take from a box or wheel, as a lottery ticket; to receive from a lottery by the drawing out of the numbers for prizes or blanks, to obtain by good fortune; to win; to gain, he drew a prize. \ (v. t.) To select by the drawing of lots. \ (v. t.) To remove the contents of \ (v. t.) To drain by emptying; to suck dry. \ (v. t.) To extract the bowels of; to eviscerate, to draw a fowl; to hang, draw, and quarter a criminal. \ (v. t.) To take into the lungs; to inhale; to inspire, also, to utter or produce by an inhalation; to heave. \ (v. t.) To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch; to extend, as a mass of metal into wire. \ (v. t.) To run, extend, or produce, as a line on any surface, to form by marking; to make by an instrument of delineation; to produce, as a sketch, figure, or picture. \ (v. t.) To represent by lines drawn; to form a sketch or a picture of; to represent by a picture; to delineate, to represent by words; to depict; to describe. \ (v. t.) To write in due form; to prepare a draught of, to draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange. \ (v. t.) To require (so great a depth, as of water) for floating; -- said of a vessel; to sink so deep in (water), a ship draws ten feet of water. \ (v. t.) To withdraw. \ (v. t.) To trace by scent; to track; -- a hunting term. \ (v. i.) To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling, a horse draws well; the sails of a ship draw well. \ (v. i.) To draw a liquid from some receptacle, as water from a well. \ (v. i.) To exert an attractive force; to act as an inducement or enticement. \ (v. i.) To have efficiency as an epispastic; to act as a sinapism; -- said of a blister, poultice, etc. \ (v. i.) To have draught, as a chimney, flue; to furnish transmission to smoke, gases, etc. \ (v. i.) To unsheathe a weapon, especially a sword. \ (v. i.) To perform the act, or practice the art, of delineation; to sketch; to form figures or pictures. \ (v. i.) To become contracted; to shrink. \ (n.) The act of drawing; draught.
insert either ad. one of two, but not the other \ (a. & pron.) One of two; the one or the other; -- properly used of two things, but sometimes of a larger number, for any one. \ (a. & pron.) Each of two; the one and the other; both; -- formerly, also, each of any number. \ (conj. Either) precedes two, or more, coordinate words or phrases, and is introductory to an alternative. It is correlative to or.
insert most ad. greatest in size or amount \ (a.) Consisting of the greatest number or quantity; greater in number or quantity than all the rest; nearly all. \ (a.) Greatest in degree; as, he has the most need of it. \ (a.) Highest in rank; greatest. \ (a.) In the greatest or highest degree.
insert lover (n.) One who loves; one who is in love; -- usually limited, in the singular, to a person of the male sex. \ (n.) A friend; one strongly attached to another; one who greatly desires the welfare of any person or thing; as, a lover of his country. \ (n.) One who has a strong liking for anything, as books, science, or music. \ (n.) Alt. of Lovery
insert there ad. in that place or position; to or toward that place \ (pron.) In or at that place. \ (pron.) In that matter, relation, etc.; at that point, stage, regarded as a distinct place; as, he did not stop there, but continued his speech. \ (pron.) To or into that place; thither.
insert performance (n.) The act of performing; the carrying into execution or action; execution; achievement; accomplishment; representation by action; as, the performance of an undertaking of a duty. \ (n.) That which is performed or accomplished; a thing done or carried through; an achievement; a deed; an act; a feat; esp., an action of an elaborate or public character.
insert send v. to cause to go; to permit to go; to cause to be carried, taken or directed to or away from a place \ (v. t.) To cause to go in any manner; to dispatch; to commission or direct to go; as, to send a messenger. \ (v. t.) To give motion to; to cause to be borne or carried; to procure the going, transmission, or delivery of, to send a message. \ (v. t.) To emit; to impel; to cast; to throw; to hurl, to send a ball, an arrow, or the like. \ (v. t.) To cause to be or to happen; to bestow; to inflict; to grant; -- sometimes followed by a dependent proposition. \ (v. i.) To dispatch an agent or messenger to convey a message, or to do an errand. \ (v. i.) To pitch, the ship sends forward so violently as to endanger her masts. \ (n.) The impulse of a wave by which a vessel is carried bodily.
insert leisure (n.) Freedom from occupation or business; vacant time; time free from employment. \ (n.) Time at one's command, free from engagement; convenient opportunity; hence, convenience; ease. \ (a.) Unemployed; as, leisure hours.
insert little ad. not tall or big; a small amount \ (a.) Small in size or extent; not big; diminutive; -- opposed to big or large; as, a little body; a little animal; a little piece of ground; a little hill; a little distance; a little child. \ (a.) Short in duration; brief, a little sleep. \ (a.) Small in quantity or amount; not much, a little food; a little air or water. \ (a.) Small in dignity, power, or importance; not great; insignificant; contemptible. \ (a.) Small in force or efficiency; not strong; weak; slight; inconsiderable, little attention or exertion;little effort; little care or diligence. \ (a.) Small in extent of views or sympathies; narrow; shallow; contracted; mean; illiberal; ungenerous. \ (n.) That which is little; a small quantity, amount, space, or the like. \ (n.) A small degree or scale; miniature. \ (adv.) In a small quantity or degree; slightly; somewhat; -- often with a preceding it.
insert fair ad. just; honest; what is right \ (superl.) Free from spots, specks, dirt, or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure. \ (superl.) Pleasing to the eye; handsome; beautiful. \ (superl.) Without a dark hue; light; clear; as, a fair skin. \ (superl.) Not overcast; cloudless; pleasant; propitious; favorable; -- said of the sky, weather, or wind, etc., a fair sky; a fair day. \ (superl.) Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unincumbered; open; direct; -- said of a road, passage, a fair mark; in fair sight; a fair view. \ (superl.) Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; fowing; -- said of the figure of a vessel, and of surfaces, water lines, and other lines. \ (superl.) Characterized by frankness, honesty, impartiality, or candor; upright; free from suspicion or bias; equitable; just; -- said of persons, character, or conduct, a fair man; fair dealing; a fair statement. \ (superl.) Pleasing; inspiring hope and confidence; -- said of words, promises, etc. \ (superl.) Distinct; legible, fair handwriting. \ (superl.) Free from any marked characteristic; average; middling, a fair specimen. \ (adv.) Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably. \ (n.) Fairness, beauty. \ (n.) A fair woman; a sweetheart. \ (n.) Good fortune; good luck. \ (v. t.) To make fair or beautiful. \ (v. t.) To make smooth and flowing, as a vessel's lines. \ (n.) A gathering of buyers and sellers, assembled at a particular place with their merchandise at a stated or regular season, or by special appointment, for trade. \ (n.) A festival, and sale of fancy articles. erc., usually for some charitable object, a Grand Army fair. \ (n.) A competitive exhibition of wares, farm products, not primarily for purposes of sale, the Mechanics' fair; an agricultural fair.
insert towel (n.) A cloth used for wiping, especially one used for drying anything wet, as the person after a bath. \ (v. t.) To beat with a stick.
insert silly (n.) Happy; fortunate; blessed. \ (n.) Harmless; innocent; inoffensive. \ (n.) Weak; helpless; frail. \ (n.) Rustic; plain; simple; humble. \ (n.) Weak in intellect; destitute of ordinary strength of mind; foolish; witless; as, a silly woman. \ (n.) Proceeding from want of understanding or common judgment; characterized by weakness or folly; unwise; absurd; stupid, silly conduct; a silly question.
insert bark (v. t.) To strip the bark from; to peel. \ (v. t.) To abrade or rub off any outer covering from; as to bark one's heel. \ (v. t.) To girdle. See Girdle, v. t., 3. \ (v. t.) To cover or inclose with bark, or as with bark; as, to bark the roof of a hut. \ (v. i.) To make a short, loud, explosive noise with the vocal organs; -- said of some animals, but especially of dogs. \ (v. i.) To make a clamor; to make importunate outcries. \ (n.) The short, explosive sound uttered by a dog; a similar sound made by some other animals. \ (n.) Alt. of Barque
insert above ad. at a higher place \ (prep.) In or to a higher place; higher than; on or over the upper surface; over; -- opposed to below or beneath. \ (prep.) Figuratively; superior to in any respect; surpassing; beyond; higher in measure or degree than; as, things above comprehension; above mean actions; conduct above reproach. \ (prep.) Surpassing in number or quantity; more than, above a hundred. (Passing into the adverbial sense. See Above, adv., 4.) \ (adv.) In a higher place; overhead; into or from heaven, the clouds above. \ (adv.) Earlier in order; higher in the same page; hence, in a foregoing page. \ (adv.) Higher in rank or power, he appealed to the court above. \ (adv.) More than, above five hundred were present.
insert beautiful (a.) Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind.
insert rare ad. not common; not usual; not often \ (a.) Early. \ (superl.) Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as, rare beef or mutton. \ (superl.) Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual, a rare event. \ (superl.) Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found. \ (superl.) Thinly scattered; dispersed. \ (superl.) Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin, a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
insert nothing n. not anything; no thing \ (n.) Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something. \ (n.) Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness. \ (n.) A thing of no account, value, or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle. \ (n.) A cipher; naught. \ (adv.) In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
insert line n. a long, thin mark on a surface; a number of people or things organized; one after another; the edge of an area protected by military forces
insert instead ad. in the place of; taking the place of \ (adv.) In the place or room; -- usually followed by of. \ (adv.) Equivalent; equal to; -- usually with of.
insert umbrella (n.) A shade, screen, or guard, carried in the hand for sheltering the person from the rays of the sun, or from rain or snow. It is formed of silk, cotton, or other fabric, extended on strips of whalebone, steel, or other elastic material, inserted, or fastened to, a rod or stick by means of pivots or hinges, in such a way as to allow of being opened and closed with ease. See Parasol. \ (n.) The umbrellalike disk, or swimming bell, of a jellyfish. \ (n.) Any marine tectibranchiate gastropod of the genus Umbrella, having an umbrella-shaped shell; -- called also umbrella shell.
insert trial n. an examination in a court of a question or dispute to decide if a charge is true \ (n.) The act of trying or testing in any manner. \ (n.) Any effort or exertion of strength for the purpose of ascertaining what can be done or effected. \ (n.) The act of testing by experience; proof; test. \ (n.) Examination by a test; experiment, as in chemistry, metallurgy, etc. \ (n.) The state of being tried or tempted; exposure to suffering that tests strength, patience, faith, or the like; affliction or temptation that exercises and proves the graces or virtues of men. \ (n.) That which tries or afflicts; that which harasses; that which tries the character or principles; that which tempts to evil; as, his child's conduct was a sore trial. \ (n.) The formal examination of the matter in issue in a cause before a competent tribunal; the mode of determining a question of fact in a court of law; the examination, in legal form, of the facts in issue in a cause pending before a competent tribunal, for the purpose of determining such issue.
insert more ad. greater in size or amount \ (n.) A hill. \ (n.) A root. \ (superl.) Greater; superior; increased \ (superl.) Greater in quality, amount, degree, quality, and the like; with the singular. \ (superl.) Greater in number; exceeding in numbers; -- with the plural. \ (superl.) Additional; other; as, he wept because there were no more words to conquer. \ (n.) A greater quantity, or number; that which exceeds or surpasses in any way what it is compared with. \ (n.) That which is in addition; something other and further; an additional or greater amount. \ (adv.) In a greater quantity; in or to a greater extent or degree. \ (adv.) With a verb or participle. \ (adv.) With an adjective or adverb (instead of the suffix -er) to form the comparative degree, more durable; more active; more sweetly. \ (adv.) In addition; further; besides; again. \ (v. t.) To make more; to increase.
insert insurance (n.) The act of insuring, or assuring, against loss or damage by a contingent event; a contract whereby, for a stipulated consideration, called premium, one party undertakes to indemnify or guarantee another against loss by certain specified risks. Cf. Assurance, n., 6. \ (n.) The premium paid for insuring property or life. \ (n.) The sum for which life or property is insured. \ (n.) A guaranty, security, or pledge; assurance.
insert variety (n.) The quality or state of being various; intermixture or succession of different things; diversity; multifariousness. \ (n.) That which is various. \ (n.) A number or collection of different things; a varied assortment; as, a variety of cottons and silks. \ (n.) Something varying or differing from others of the same general kind; one of a number of things that are akin; a sort, varieties of wood, land, rocks, etc. \ (n.) An individual, or group of individuals, of a species differing from the rest in some one or more of the characteristics typical of the species, and capable either of perpetuating itself for a period, or of being perpetuated by artificial means; hence, a subdivision, or peculiar form, of a species. \ (n.) In inorganic nature, one of those forms in which a species may occur, which differ in minor characteristics of structure, color, purity of composition, etc. \ (n.) Such entertainment as in given in variety shows; the production of, or performance in, variety shows.
insert informal (a.) Not in the regular, usual, or established form; not according to official, conventional, prescribed, or customary forms or rules; irregular; hence, without ceremony; as, an informal writting, proceeding, or visit. \ (a.) Deranged in mind; out of one's senses.
insert inform v. to tell; to give knowledge to \ (a.) Without regular form; shapeless; ugly; deformed. \ (v. t.) To give form or share to; to give vital ororganizing power to; to give life to; to imbue and actuate with vitality; to animate; to mold; to figure; to fashion. \ (v. t.) To communicate knowledge to; to make known to; to acquaint; to advise; to instruct; to tell; to notify; to enlighten; -- usually followed by of. \ (v. t.) To communicate a knowledge of facts to,by way of accusation; to warn against anybody. \ (v. t.) To take form; to become visible or manifest; to appear. \ (v. t.) To give intelligence or information; to tell.
insert machine n. a device with moving parts used to do work \ (n.) In general, any combination of bodies so connected that their relative motions are constrained, and by means of which force and motion may be transmitted and modified, as a screw and its nut, or a lever arranged to turn about a fulcrum or a pulley about its pivot, etc.; especially, a construction, more or less complex, consisting of a combination of moving parts, or simple mechanical elements, as wheels, levers, cams, with their supports and connecting framework, calculated to constitute a prime mover, or to receive force and motion from a prime mover or from another machine, and transmit, modify, and apply them to the production of some desired mechanical effect or work, as weaving by a loom, or the excitation of electricity by an electrical machine. \ (n.) Any mechanical contrivance, as the wooden horse with which the Greeks entered Troy; a coach; a bicycle. \ (n.) A person who acts mechanically or at will of another. \ (n.) A combination of persons acting together for a common purpose, with the agencies which they use; as, the social machine. \ (n.) A political organization arranged and controlled by one or more leaders for selfish, private or partisan ends. \ (n.) Supernatural agency in a poem, or a superhuman being introduced to perform some exploit. \ (v. t.) To subject to the action of machinery; to effect by aid of machinery; to print with a printing machine.
insert growth (n.) The process of growing; the gradual increase of an animal or a vegetable body; the development from a seed, germ, or root, to full size or maturity; increase in size, number, frequency, strength, etc.; augmentation; advancement; production; prevalence or influence; as, the growth of trade; the growth of power; the growth of intemperance. Idle weeds are fast in growth. \ (n.) That which has grown or is growing; anything produced; product; consequence; effect; result.
insert maker (n.) One who makes, forms, or molds; a manufacturer; specifically, the Creator. \ (n.) The person who makes a promissory note. \ (n.) One who writes verses; a poet.
insert goat (n.) A hollow-horned ruminant of the genus Capra, of several species and varieties, esp. the domestic goat (C. hircus), which is raised for its milk, flesh, and skin.
insert wrap (v. t.) To snatch up; transport; -- chiefly used in the p. p. wrapt. \ (v. t.) To wind or fold together; to arrange in folds. \ (v. t.) To cover by winding or folding; to envelop completely; to involve; to infold; -- often with up. \ (v. t.) To conceal by enveloping or infolding; to hide; hence, as an effect or consequence; to be followed by. \ (n.) A wrapper; -- often used in the plural for blankets, furs, shawls, etc., used in riding or traveling.
insert week n. a period of time equal to seven days \ (n.) A period of seven days, usually that reckoned from one Sabbath or Sunday to the next.
insert leading (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Lead \ (a.) Guiding; directing; controlling; foremost; as, a leading motive; a leading man; a leading example. \ (n.) The act of guiding, governing, or enticing; guidance. \ (n.) Suggestion; hint; example.
insert cookie (n.) See Cooky.
insert gap (n.) An opening in anything made by breaking or parting; as, a gap in a fence; an opening for a passage or entrance; an opening which implies a breach or defect; a vacant space or time; a hiatus; a mountain pass. \ (v. t.) To notch, as a sword or knife. \ (v. t.) To make an opening in; to breach. \ (n.) The vertical distance between two superposed surfaces, esp. in a biplane.
insert clear ad. easy to see or see through; easily understood \ (superl.) Free from opaqueness; transparent; bright; light; luminous; unclouded. \ (superl.) Free from ambiguity or indistinctness; lucid; perspicuous; plain; evident; manifest; indubitable. \ (superl.) Able to perceive clearly; keen; acute; penetrating; discriminating; as, a clear intellect; a clear head. \ (superl.) Not clouded with passion; serene; cheerful. \ (superl.) Easily or distinctly heard; audible; canorous. \ (superl.) Without mixture; entirely pure, clear sand. \ (superl.) Without defect or blemish, such as freckles or knots, a clear complexion; clear lumber. \ (superl.) Free from guilt or stain; unblemished. \ (superl.) Without diminution; in full; net, clear profit. \ (superl.) Free from impediment or obstruction; unobstructed, a clear view; to keep clear of debt. \ (superl.) Free from embarrassment; detention, etc. \ (n.) Full extent; distance between extreme limits; especially; the distance between the nearest surfaces of two bodies, or the space between walls, a room ten feet square in the clear. \ (adv.) In a clear manner; plainly. \ (adv.) Without limitation; wholly; quite; entirely, to cut a piece clear off. \ (v. t.) To render bright, or undimmed; to free from clouds. \ (v. t.) To free from impurities; to clarify; to cleanse. \ (v. t.) To free from obscurity or ambiguity; to relive of perplexity; to make perspicuous. \ (v. t.) To render more quick or acute, as the understanding; to make perspicacious. \ (v. t.) To free from impediment or incumbrance, from defilement, or from anything injurious, useless, or offensive, to clear land of trees or brushwood, or from stones; to clear the sight or the voice; to clear one's self from debt; -- often used with of, off, away, or out. \ (v. t.) To free from the imputation of guilt; to justify, vindicate, or acquit; -- often used with from before the thing imputed. \ (v. t.) To leap or pass by, or over, without touching or failure, to clear a hedge; to clear a reef. \ (v. t.) To gain without deduction; to net. \ (v. i.) To become free from clouds or fog; to become fair; -- often followed by up, or away. \ (v. i.) To disengage one's self from incumbrances, distress, or entanglements; to become free. \ (v. i.) To make exchanges of checks and bills, and settle balances, as is done in a clearing house. \ (v. i.) To obtain a clearance, the steamer cleared for Liverpool to-day.
insert attractive (a.) Having the power or quality of attracting or drawing; as, the attractive force of bodies. \ (a.) Attracting or drawing by moral influence or pleasurable emotion; alluring; inviting; pleasing. \ (n.) That which attracts or draws; an attraction; an allurement.
insert institution (n.) The act or process of instituting; as: (a) Establishment; foundation; enactment; as, the institution of a school. \ (n.) Instruction; education. \ (n.) The act or ceremony of investing a clergyman with the spiritual part of a benefice, by which the care of souls is committed to his charge. \ (n.) That which instituted or established \ (n.) Established order, method, or custom; ordinance; permanent form of law or polity. \ (n.) An established or organized society or corporation; an establishment, especially of a public character, or affecting a community; a foundation, a literary institution; a charitable institution; also, a building or the buildings occupied or used by such organization, the Smithsonian Institution. \ (n.) Anything forming a characteristic and persistent feature in social or national life or habits. \ (n.) That which institutes or instructs; a textbook; a system of elements or rules; an institute.
insert grateful (a.) Having a due sense of benefits received; kindly disposed toward one from whom a favor has been received; willing to acknowledge and repay, or give thanks for, benefits; as, a grateful heart. \ (a.) Affording pleasure; pleasing to the senses; gratifying; delicious, a grateful present; food grateful to the palate; grateful sleep.
insert reason n. the cause for a belief or act; purpose; something that explains \ (n.) A thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; a just ground for a conclusion or an action; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation; the efficient cause of an occurrence or a phenomenon; a motive for an action or a determination; proof, more or less decisive, for an opinion or a conclusion; principle; efficient cause; final cause; ground of argument. \ (n.) The faculty or capacity of the human mind by which it is distinguished from the intelligence of the inferior animals; the higher as distinguished from the lower cognitive faculties, sense, imagination, and memory, and in contrast to the feelings and desires. Reason comprises conception, judgment, reasoning, and the intuitional faculty. Specifically, it is the intuitional faculty, or the faculty of first truths, as distinguished from the understanding, which is called the discursive or ratiocinative faculty. \ (n.) Due exercise of the reasoning faculty; accordance with, or that which is accordant with and ratified by, the mind rightly exercised; right intellectual judgment; clear and fair deductions from true principles; that which is dictated or supported by the common sense of mankind; right conduct; right; propriety; justice. \ (n.) Ratio; proportion. \ (n.) To exercise the rational faculty; to deduce inferences from premises; to perform the process of deduction or of induction; to ratiocinate; to reach conclusions by a systematic comparison of facts. \ (n.) Hence: To carry on a process of deduction or of induction, in order to convince or to confute; to formulate and set forth propositions and the inferences from them; to argue. \ (n.) To converse; to compare opinions. \ (v. t.) To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss; as, I reasoned the matter with my friend. \ (v. t.) To support with reasons, as a request. \ (v. t.) To persuade by reasoning or argument, to reason one into a belief; to reason one out of his plan. \ (v. t.) To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons; -- with down, to reason down a passion. \ (v. t.) To find by logical processes; to explain or justify by reason or argument; -- usually with out, to reason out the causes of the librations of the moon.
insert entertain (v. t.) To be at the charges of; to take or keep in one's service; to maintain; to support; to harbor; to keep. \ (v. t.) To give hospitable reception and maintenance to; to receive at one's board, or into one's house; to receive as a guest. \ (v. t.) To engage the attention of agreeably; to amuse with that which makes the time pass pleasantly; to divert; as, to entertain friends with conversation, etc. \ (v. t.) To give reception to; to receive, in general; to receive and take into consideration; to admit, treat, or make use of, to entertain a proposal. \ (v. t.) To meet or encounter, as an enemy. \ (v. t.) To keep, hold, or maintain in the mind with favor; to keep in the mind; to cherish, to entertain sentiments. \ (v. t.) To lead on; to bring along; to introduce. \ (v. i.) To receive, or provide entertainment for, guests, he entertains generously. \ (n.) Entertainment.
insert quarter (n.) One of four equal parts into which anything is divided, or is regarded as divided; a fourth part or portion; as, a quarter of a dollar, of a pound, of a yard, of an hour, etc. \ (n.) The fourth of a hundred-weight, being 25 or 28 pounds, according as the hundredweight is reckoned at 100 or 112 pounds. \ (n.) The fourth of a ton in weight, or eight bushels of grain, a quarter of wheat; also, the fourth part of a chaldron of coal. \ (n.) The fourth part of the moon's period, or monthly revolution, the first quarter after the change or full. \ (n.) One limb of a quadruped with the adjacent parts; one fourth part of the carcass of a slaughtered animal, including a leg, the fore quarters; the hind quarters. \ (n.) That part of a boot or shoe which forms the side, from the heel to the vamp. \ (n.) That part on either side of a horse's hoof between the toe and heel, being the side of the coffin. \ (n.) A term of study in a seminary, college, etc, etc.; properly, a fourth part of the year, but often longer or shorter. \ (n.) The encampment on one of the principal passages round a place besieged, to prevent relief and intercept convoys. \ (n.) The after-part of a vessel's side, generally corresponding in extent with the quarter-deck, the part of the yardarm outside of the slings. \ (n.) One of the divisions of an escutcheon when it is divided into four portions by a horizontal and a perpendicular line meeting in the fess point. \ (v. t.) A division of a town, city, or county; a particular district; a locality, the Latin quarter in Paris. \ (v. t.) A small upright timber post, used in partitions; -- in the United States more commonly called stud. \ (v. t.) The fourth part of the distance from one point of the compass to another, being the fourth part of 11, 15', that is, about 2, 49'; -- called also quarter point. \ (v. t.) Proper station; specific place; assigned position; special location. \ (v. t.) A station at which officers and men are posted in battle; -- usually in the plural. \ (v. t.) Place of lodging or temporary residence; shelter; entertainment; -- usually in the plural. \ (v. t.) A station or encampment occupied by troops; a place of lodging for soldiers or officers, winter quarters. \ (v. t.) Treatment shown by an enemy; mercy; especially, the act of sparing the life a conquered enemy; a refraining from pushing one's advantage to extremes. \ (v. t.) Friendship; amity; concord. \ (v. i.) To lodge; to have a temporary residence. \ (v. i.) To drive a carriage so as to prevent the wheels from going into the ruts, or so that a rut shall be between the wheels.
insert law n. all or any rules made by a government \ (n.) In general, a rule of being or of conduct, established by an authority able to enforce its will; a controlling regulation; the mode or order according to which an agent or a power acts. \ (n.) In morals: The will of God as the rule for the disposition and conduct of all responsible beings toward him and toward each other; a rule of living, conformable to righteousness; the rule of action as obligatory on the conscience or moral nature. \ (n.) The Jewish or Mosaic code, and that part of Scripture where it is written, in distinction from the gospel; hence, also, the Old Testament. \ (n.) An organic rule, as a constitution or charter, establishing and defining the conditions of the existence of a state or other organized community. \ (n.) Any edict, decree, order, ordinance, statute, resolution, judicial, decision, usage, etc., or recognized, and enforced, by the controlling authority. \ (n.) In philosophy and physics: A rule of being, operation, or change, so certain and constant that it is conceived of as imposed by the will of God or by some controlling authority; as, the law of gravitation; the laws of motion; the law heredity; the laws of thought; the laws of cause and effect; law of self-preservation. \ (n.) In matematics: The rule according to which anything, as the change of value of a variable, or the value of the terms of a series, proceeds; mode or order of sequence. \ (n.) In arts, works, games, etc.: The rules of construction, or of procedure, conforming to the conditions of success; a principle, maxim; or usage, the laws of poetry, of architecture, of courtesy, or of whist. \ (n.) Collectively, the whole body of rules relating to one subject, or emanating from one source; -- including usually the writings pertaining to them, and judicial proceedings under them, divine law; English law; Roman law; the law of real property; insurance law. \ (n.) Legal science; jurisprudence; the principles of equity; applied justice. \ (n.) Trial by the laws of the land; judicial remedy; litigation, to go law. \ (n.) An oath, as in the presence of a court. \ (v. t.) Same as Lawe, v. t. \ (interj.) An exclamation of mild surprise.
insert in prep. inside; held by; contained by; surrounded by; during \ (prep.) The specific signification of in is situation or place with respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and among. \ (prep.) With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he traveled in Italy; castles in the air. \ (prep.) With reference to circumstances or conditions, he is in difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. \ (prep.) With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part spoken of, the first in his family; the first regiment in the army. \ (prep.) With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc., abstractly denoted, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to live in fear. \ (prep.) With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered as establishing a limitation, to be in one's favor. \ (prep.) With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into, to put seed in the ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God. \ (prep.) With reference to a limit of time, in an hour; it happened in the last century; in all my life. \ (adv.) Not out; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind); the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house). \ (adv.) With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding, possession, or seisin, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the seisin of her husband. \ (n.) One who is in office; -- the opposite of out. \ (n.) A reentrant angle; a nook or corner. \ (v. t.) To inclose; to take in; to harvest.
insert import v. to bring from another country; n. something brought from another country, usually for sale \ (v. t.) To bring in from abroad; to introduce from without; especially, to bring (wares or merchandise) into a place or country from a foreign country, in the transactions of commerce; -- opposed to export. We import teas from China, coffee from Brasil, etc. \ (v. t.) To carry or include, as meaning or intention; to imply; to signify. \ (v. t.) To be of importance or consequence to; to have a bearing on; to concern. \ (v. i.) To signify; to purport; to be of moment. \ (n.) Merchandise imported, or brought into a country from without its boundaries; -- generally in the plural, opposed to exports. \ (n.) That which a word, phrase, or document contains as its signification or intention or interpretation of a word, action, event, and the like. \ (n.) Importance; weight; consequence.
insert shock v. to cause to feel sudden surprise or fear; n. something that greatly affects the mind or emotions; a powerful shake, as from an earthquake \ (n.) A pile or assemblage of sheaves of grain, as wheat, rye, or the like, set up in a field, the sheaves varying in number from twelve to sixteen; a stook. \ (n.) A lot consisting of sixty pieces; -- a term applied in some Baltic ports to loose goods. \ (v. t.) To collect, or make up, into a shock or shocks; to stook; as, to shock rye. \ (v. i.) To be occupied with making shocks. \ (n.) A quivering or shaking which is the effect of a blow, collision, or violent impulse; a blow, impact, or collision; a concussion; a sudden violent impulse or onset. \ (n.) A sudden agitation of the mind or feelings; a sensation of pleasure or pain caused by something unexpected or overpowering; also, a sudden agitating or overpowering event. \ (n.) A sudden depression of the vital forces of the entire body, or of a port of it, marking some profound impression produced upon the nervous system, as by severe injury, overpowering emotion, or the like. \ (n.) The sudden convulsion or contraction of the muscles, with the feeling of a concussion, caused by the discharge, through the animal system, of electricity from a charged body. \ (v.) To give a shock to; to cause to shake or waver; hence, to strike against suddenly; to encounter with violence. \ (v.) To strike with surprise, terror, horror, or disgust; to cause to recoil, his violence shocked his associates. \ (v. i.) To meet with a shock; to meet in violent encounter. \ (n.) A dog with long hair or shag; -- called also shockdog. \ (n.) A thick mass of bushy hair, a head covered with a shock of sandy hair. \ (a.) Bushy; shaggy, a shock hair. \ (v. t.) To subject to the action of an electrical discharge so as to cause a more or less violent depression or commotion of the nervous system.
insert wing (n.) One of the two anterior limbs of a bird, pterodactyl, or bat. They correspond to the arms of man, and are usually modified for flight, but in the case of a few species of birds, as the ostrich, auk, etc., the wings are used only as an assistance in running or swimming. \ (n.) Any similar member or instrument used for the purpose of flying. \ (n.) One of the two pairs of upper thoracic appendages of most hexapod insects. They are broad, fanlike organs formed of a double membrane and strengthened by chitinous veins or nervures. \ (n.) One of the large pectoral fins of the flying fishes. \ (n.) Passage by flying; flight; as, to take wing. \ (n.) Motive or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion. \ (n.) Anything which agitates the air as a wing does, or which is put in winglike motion by the action of the air, as a fan or vane for winnowing grain, the vane or sail of a windmill, etc. \ (n.) An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot. \ (n.) Any appendage resembling the wing of a bird or insect in shape or appearance. \ (n.) One of the broad, thin, anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod, used as an organ in swimming. \ (n.) Any membranaceous expansion, as that along the sides of certain stems, or of a fruit of the kind called samara. \ (n.) Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower. \ (n.) One of two corresponding appendages attached; a sidepiece. \ (n.) A side building, less than the main edifice, one of the wings of a palace. \ (n.) The longer side of crownworks, connecting them with the main work. \ (n.) A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another. \ (n.) The right or left division of an army, regiment, etc. \ (n.) That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides. In a fleet, one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line, or when forming the two sides of a triangle. \ (n.) One of the sides of the stags in a theater. \ (v. t.) To furnish with wings; to enable to fly, or to move with celerity. \ (v. t.) To supply with wings or sidepieces. \ (v. t.) To transport by flight; to cause to fly. \ (v. t.) To move through in flight; to fly through. \ (v. t.) To cut off the wings of; to wound in the wing; to disable a wing of, to wing a bird. \ (n.) Any surface used primarily for supporting a flying machine in flight, whether by edge-on motion, or flapping, or rotation; specif., either of a pair of supporting planes of a flying machine.
insert ease v. to reduce; to make less difficult \ (n.) Satisfaction; pleasure; hence, accommodation; entertainment. \ (n.) Freedom from anything that pains or troubles; as: (a) Relief from labor or effort; rest; quiet; relaxation; as, ease of body. \ (n.) Freedom from care, solicitude, or anything that annoys or disquiets; tranquillity; peace; comfort; security, ease of mind. \ (n.) Freedom from constraint, formality, difficulty, embarrassment, etc.; facility; liberty; naturalness; -- said of manner, style, ease of style, of behavior, of address. \ (n.) To free from anything that pains, disquiets, or oppresses; to relieve from toil or care; to give rest, repose, or tranquility to; -- often with of, to ease of pain; ease the body or mind. \ (n.) To render less painful or oppressive; to mitigate; to alleviate. \ (n.) To release from pressure or restraint; to move gently; to lift slightly; to shift a little, to ease a bar or nut in machinery. \ (n.) To entertain; to furnish with accommodations.
insert foreigner (n.) A person belonging to or owning allegiance to a foreign country; one not native in the country or jurisdiction under consideration, or not naturalized there; an alien; a stranger.
insert pardon v. to forgive for a crime and release from punishment \ (v. t.) The act of pardoning; forgiveness, as of an offender, or of an offense; release from penalty; remission of punishment; absolution. \ (v. t.) An official warrant of remission of penalty. \ (v. t.) The state of being forgiven. \ (v. t.) A release, by a sovereign, or officer having jurisdiction, from the penalties of an offense, being distinguished from amenesty, which is a general obliteration and canceling of a particular line of past offenses. \ (v. t.) To absolve from the consequences of a fault or the punishment of crime; to free from penalty; -- applied to the offender. \ (v. t.) To remit the penalty of; to suffer to pass without punishment; to forgive; -- applied to offenses. \ (v. t.) To refrain from exacting as a penalty. \ (v. t.) To give leave (of departure) to.
insert friendship (n.) The state of being friends; friendly relation, or attachment, to a person, or between persons; affection arising from mutual esteem and good will; friendliness; amity; good will. \ (n.) Kindly aid; help; assistance, \ (n.) Aptness to unite; conformity; affinity; harmony; correspondence.
insert village n. a very small town \ (n.) A small assemblage of houses in the country, less than a town or city.
insert medical (a.) Of, pertaining to, or having to do with, the art of healing disease, or the science of medicine; as, the medical profession; medical services; a medical dictionary; medical jurisprudence. \ (a.) Containing medicine; used in medicine; medicinal, the medical properties of a plant.
insert soul (a.) Sole. \ (v. i.) To afford suitable sustenance. \ (n.) The spiritual, rational, and immortal part in man; that part of man which enables him to think, and which renders him a subject of moral government; -- sometimes, in distinction from the higher nature, or spirit, of man, the so-called animal soul, that is, the seat of life, the sensitive affections and phantasy, exclusive of the voluntary and rational powers, in distinction from the mind, the moral and emotional part of man's nature, the seat of feeling, in distinction from intellect, the intellect only; the understanding; the seat of knowledge, as distinguished from feeling. In a more general sense, "an animating, separable, surviving entity, the vehicle of individual personal existence." \ (n.) The seat of real life or vitality; the source of action; the animating or essential part. \ (n.) The leader; the inspirer; the moving spirit; the heart; as, the soul of an enterprise; an able general is the soul of his army. \ (n.) Energy; courage; spirit; fervor; affection, or any other noble manifestation of the heart or moral nature; inherent power or goodness. \ (n.) A human being; a person; -- a familiar appellation, usually with a qualifying epithet, poor soul. \ (n.) A pure or disembodied spirit. \ (v. t.) To indue with a soul; to furnish with a soul or mind.
insert September (n.) The ninth month of the year, containing thurty days.
insert sadly (adv.) Wearily; heavily; firmly. \ (adv.) Seriously; soberly; gravely. \ (adv.) Grievously; deeply; sorrowfully; miserably.
insert avoid v. to stay away from \ (a.) To empty. \ (a.) To emit or throw out; to void; as, to avoid excretions. \ (a.) To quit or evacuate; to withdraw from. \ (a.) To make void; to annul or vacate; to refute. \ (a.) To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor no to meet; to shun; to abstain from, to avoid the company of gamesters. \ (a.) To get rid of. \ (a.) To defeat or evade; to invalidate. Thus, in a replication, the plaintiff may deny the defendant's plea, or confess it, and avoid it by stating new matter. \ (v. i.) To retire; to withdraw. \ (v. i.) To become void or vacant.
insert condition n. something declared necessary to complete an agreement; a person's health \ (n.) Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external circumstances or influences, or to physical or mental integrity, health, strength, etc.; predicament; rank; position, estate. \ (n.) Essential quality; property; attribute. \ (n.) Temperament; disposition; character. \ (n.) That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something else; that which is requisite in order that something else should take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms specified. \ (n.) A clause in a contract, or agreement, which has for its object to suspend, to defeat, or in some way to modify, the principal obligation; or, in case of a will, to suspend, revoke, or modify a devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event, which may or may not happen, and on the occurrence or non-occurrence of which, the accomplishment, recission, or modification of an obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend. \ (v. i.) To make terms; to stipulate. \ (v. i.) To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible. \ (n.) To invest with, or limit by, conditions; to burden or qualify by a condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of. \ (n.) To contract; to stipulate; to agree. \ (n.) To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study, as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college; as, to condition a student who has failed in some branch of study. \ (n.) To test or assay, as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains). \ (n.) train; acclimate.
insert handkerchief (n.) A piece of cloth, usually square and often fine and elegant, carried for wiping the face or hands. \ (n.) A piece of cloth shaped like a handkerchief to be worn about the neck; a neckerchief; a neckcloth.
insert swim v. to move through water by making motions with the arms and legs \ (v. i.) To be supported by water or other fluid; not to sink; to float; as, any substance will swim, whose specific gravity is less than that of the fluid in which it is immersed. \ (v. i.) To move progressively in water by means of strokes with the hands and feet, or the fins or the tail. \ (v. i.) To be overflowed or drenched. \ (v. i.) Fig.: To be as if borne or floating in a fluid. \ (v. i.) To be filled with swimming animals. \ (v. t.) To pass or move over or on by swimming, to swim a stream. \ (v. t.) To cause or compel to swim; to make to float, to swim a horse across a river. \ (v. t.) To immerse in water that the lighter parts may float, to swim wheat in order to select seed. \ (n.) The act of swimming; a gliding motion, like that of one swimming. \ (n.) The sound, or air bladder, of a fish. \ (n.) A part of a stream much frequented by fish. \ (v. i.) To be dizzy; to have an unsteady or reeling sensation, the head swims.
insert cable (n.) A large, strong rope or chain, of considerable length, used to retain a vessel at anchor, and for other purposes. It is made of hemp, of steel wire, or of iron links. \ (n.) A rope of steel wire, or copper wire, usually covered with some protecting or insulating substance; as, the cable of a suspension bridge; a telegraphic cable. \ (n.) A molding, shaft of a column, or any other member of convex, rounded section, made to resemble the spiral twist of a rope; -- called also cable molding. \ (v. t.) To fasten with a cable. \ (v. t.) To ornament with cabling. See Cabling. \ (v. t. & i.) To telegraph by a submarine cable
insert lettuce (n.) A composite plant of the genus Lactuca (L. sativa), the leaves of which are used as salad. Plants of this genus yield a milky juice, from which lactucarium is obtained. The commonest wild lettuce of the United States is L. Canadensis.
insert true ad. correct; not false \ (n.) Conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false, erroneous, inaccurate, or the like; as, a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts. \ (n.) Right to precision; conformable to a rule or pattern; exact; accurate, a true copy; a true likeness of the original. \ (n.) Steady in adhering to friends, to promises, to a prince; unwavering; faithful; loyal, fickle, or perfidious, a true friend; a wife true to her husband; an officer true to his charge. \ (n.) Actual; not counterfeit, adulterated, or pretended; genuine; pure; real, true balsam; true love of country; a true Christian. \ (adv.) In accordance with truth; truly. \ (a.) Genuine; not deviating from the essential characters of a class, a lizard is a true reptile; a whale is a true, but not a typical, mammal.
insert particularly (adv.) In a particular manner; expressly; with a specific reference or interest; in particular; distinctly. \ (adv.) In an especial manner; in a high degree; as, a particularly fortunate man; a particularly bad failure.
insert already ad. before now; even now \ (adv.) Prior to some specified time, either past, present, or future; by this time; previously.
insert shot (imp. & p. p.) of Shoot \ imp. & p. p. of Shoot. \ (a.) Woven in such a way as to produce an effect of variegation, of changeable tints, or of being figured; as, shot silks. See Shoot, v. t., 8. \ (v. t.) A share or proportion; a reckoning; a scot. \ (pl. ) of Shot \ (n.) The act of shooting; discharge of a firearm or other weapon which throws a missile. \ (n.) A missile weapon, particularly a ball or bullet; specifically, whatever is discharged as a projectile from firearms or cannon by the force of an explosive. \ (n.) Small globular masses of lead, of various sizes, -- used chiefly for killing game, bird shot; buckshot. \ (n.) The flight of a missile, or the distance which it is, or can be, thrown, the vessel was distant more than a cannon shot. \ (n.) A marksman; one who practices shooting, an exellent shot. \ (v. t.) To load with shot, as a gun. \ (n.) A cast of a net. \ (n.) The entire throw of nets at one time. \ (n.) A place or spot for setting nets. \ (n.) A single draft or catch of fish made. \ (n.) A spherical weight, to be put, or thrown, in competition for distance. \ (n.) A stroke or propulsive action in certain games, as in billiards, hockey, curling, etc.; also, a move, as in chess. \ (n.) A guess; conjecture, an attempt.
insert pile (n.) A hair; hence, the fiber of wool, cotton, and the like; also, the nap when thick or heavy, as of carpeting and velvet. \ (n.) A covering of hair or fur. \ (n.) The head of an arrow or spear. \ (n.) A large stake, or piece of timber, pointed and driven into the earth, as at the bottom of a river, or in a harbor where the ground is soft, for the support of a building, a pier, or other superstructure, or to form a cofferdam, etc. \ (n.) One of the ordinaries or subordinaries having the form of a wedge, usually placed palewise, with the broadest end uppermost. \ (v. t.) To drive piles into; to fill with piles; to strengthen with piles. \ (n.) A mass of things heaped together; a heap; as, a pile of stones; a pile of wood. \ (n.) A mass formed in layers, a pile of shot. \ (n.) A funeral pile; a pyre. \ (n.) A large building, or mass of buildings. \ (n.) Same as Fagot, n., 2. \ (n.) A vertical series of alternate disks of two dissimilar metals, as copper and zinc, laid up with disks of cloth or paper moistened with acid water between them, for producing a current of electricity; -- commonly called Volta's pile, voltaic pile, or galvanic pile. \ (n.) The reverse of a coin. See Reverse. \ (v. t.) To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate; to amass; -- often with up, to pile up wood. \ (v. t.) To cover with heaps; or in great abundance; to fill or overfill; to load.
insert pan n. a metal container used for cooking
insert root n. the part of a plant that is under the ground and takes nutrients from the soil \ (v. i.) To turn up the earth with the snout, as swine. \ (v. i.) Hence, to seek for favor or advancement by low arts or groveling servility; to fawn servilely. \ (v. t.) To turn up or to dig out with the snout; as, the swine roots the earth. \ (n.) The underground portion of a plant, whether a true root or a tuber, a bulb or rootstock, as in the potato, the onion, or the sweet flag. \ (n.) The descending, and commonly branching, axis of a plant, increasing in length by growth at its extremity only, not divided into joints, leafless and without buds, and having for its offices to fix the plant in the earth, to supply it with moisture and soluble matters, and sometimes to serve as a reservoir of nutriment for future growth. A true root, however, may never reach the ground, but may be attached to a wall, etc., as in the ivy, or may hang loosely in the air, as in some epiphytic orchids. \ (n.) An edible or esculent root, especially of such plants as produce a single root, as the beet, carrot, the root crop. \ (n.) That which resembles a root in position or function, esp. as a source of nourishment or support; that from which anything proceeds as if by growth or development, the root of a tooth, a nail, a cancer, and the like. \ (n.) An ancestor or progenitor; and hence, an early race; a stem. \ (n.) A primitive form of speech; one of the earliest terms employed in language; a word from which other words are formed; a radix, or radical. \ (n.) The cause or occasion by which anything is brought about; the source. \ (n.) That factor of a quantity which when multiplied into itself will produce that quantity; thus, 3 is a root of 9, because 3 multiplied into itself produces 9; 3 is the cube root of 27. \ (n.) The fundamental tone of any chord; the tone from whose harmonics, or overtones, a chord is composed. \ (n.) The lowest place, position, or part. \ (n.) The time which to reckon in making calculations. \ (v. i.) To fix the root; to enter the earth, as roots; to take root and begin to grow. \ (v. i.) To be firmly fixed; to be established. \ (v. t.) To plant and fix deeply in the earth, or as in the earth; to implant firmly; hence, to make deep or radical; to establish; -- used chiefly in the participle, rooted trees or forests; rooted dislike. \ (v. t.) To tear up by the root; to eradicate; to extirpate; -- with up, out, or away. \ (v. i.) To shout for, or otherwise noisly applaud or encourage, a contestant, as in sports, to wish earnestly for the success of some one or the happening of some event, with the superstitious notion that this action may have efficacy; -- usually with for, the crowd rooted for the home team.
insert fond imp. of Find. Found. \ (superl.) Foolish; silly; simple; weak. \ (superl.) Foolishly tender and loving; weakly indulgent; over-affectionate. \ (superl.) Affectionate; loving; tender; -- in a good sense; as, a fond mother or wife. \ (superl.) Loving; much pleased; affectionately regardful, indulgent, or desirous; longing or yearning; -- followed by of (formerly also by on). \ (superl.) Doted on; regarded with affection. \ (superl.) Trifling; valued by folly; trivial. \ (v. t.) To caress; to fondle. \ (v. i.) To be fond; to dote. \ (n.) Foundation; bottom; groundwork; \ (n.) The ground. \ (n.) The broth or juice from braised flesh or fish, usually served as a sauce. \ (n.) Fund, stock, or store.
insert wagon (n.) A wheeled carriage; a vehicle on four wheels, and usually drawn by horses; especially, one used for carrying freight or merchandise. \ (n.) A freight car on a railway. \ (n.) A chariot \ (n.) The Dipper, or Charles's Wain. \ (v. t.) To transport in a wagon or wagons; as, goods are wagoned from city to city. \ (v. i.) To wagon goods as a business, the man wagons between Philadelphia and its suburbs.
insert if conj. on condition; provided that ("I will go if you go.") \ (conj.) In case that; granting, allowing, or supposing that; -- introducing a condition or supposition. \ (conj.) Whether; -- in dependent questions.
insert individual n. one person \ (a.) Not divided, or not to be divided; existing as one entity, or distinct being or object; single; one; as, an individual man, animal, or city. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to one only; peculiar to, or characteristic of, a single person or thing; distinctive, individual traits of character; individual exertions; individual peculiarities. \ (n.) A single person, or thing of any kind; a thing or being incapable of separation or division, without losing its identity; especially, a human being; a person. \ (n.) An independent, or partially independent, zooid of a compound animal. \ (n.) The product of a single egg, whether it remains a single animal or becomes compound by budding or fission.
insert branch (n.) A shoot or secondary stem growing from the main stem, or from a principal limb or bough of a tree or other plant. \ (n.) Any division extending like a branch; any arm or part connected with the main body of thing; ramification; as, the branch of an antler; the branch of a chandelier; a branch of a river; a branch of a railway. \ (n.) Any member or part of a body or system; a distinct article; a section or subdivision; a department. \ (n.) One of the portions of a curve that extends outwards to an indefinitely great distance, the branches of an hyperbola. \ (n.) A line of family descent, in distinction from some other line or lines from the same stock; any descendant in such a line, the English branch of a family. \ (n.) A warrant or commission given to a pilot, authorizing him to pilot vessels in certain waters. \ (a.) Diverging from, or tributary to, a main stock, line, way, theme, etc., a branch vein; a branch road or line; a branch topic; a branch store. \ (v. i.) To shoot or spread in branches; to separate into branches; to ramify. \ (v. i.) To divide into separate parts or subdivision. \ (v. t.) To divide as into branches; to make subordinate division in. \ (v. t.) To adorn with needlework representing branches, flowers, or twigs.
insert not ad. a word showing that something is denied or untrue ("She is not going.") \ Wot not; know not; knows not. \ (a.) Shorn; shaven. \ (adv.) A word used to express negation, prohibition, denial, or refusal.
insert settle v. to end (a dispute); to agree about (a problem); to make a home in a new place \ (n.) A seat of any kind. \ (n.) A bench; especially, a bench with a high back. \ (n.) A place made lower than the rest; a wide step or platform lower than some other part. \ (n.) To place in a fixed or permanent condition; to make firm, steady, or stable; to establish; to fix; esp., to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, or the like. \ (n.) To establish in the pastoral office; to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church, society, or parish; as, to settle a minister. \ (n.) To cause to be no longer in a disturbed condition; to render quiet; to still; to calm; to compose. \ (n.) To clear of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink; to render pure or clear; -- said of a liquid, to settle coffee, or the grounds of coffee. \ (n.) To restore or bring to a smooth, dry, or passable condition; -- said of the ground, of roads, and the like, clear weather settles the roads. \ (n.) To cause to sink; to lower; to depress; hence, also, to render close or compact, to settle the contents of a barrel or bag by shaking it. \ (n.) To determine, as something which is exposed to doubt or question; to free from unscertainty or wavering; to make sure, firm, or constant; to compose; to quiet, to settle the mind when agitated; to settle questions of law; to settle the succession to a throne; to settle an allowance. \ (n.) To adjust, as something in discussion; to make up; to pacify, to settle a quarrel. \ (n.) To adjust, as accounts; to liquidate; to balance, to settle an account. \ (n.) Hence, to pay, to settle a bill. \ (n.) To plant with inhabitants; to colonize; to people, the French first settled Canada; the Puritans settled New England; Plymouth was settled in 1620. \ (v. i.) To become fixed or permanent; to become stationary; to establish one's self or itself; to assume a lasting form, condition, direction, or the like, in place of a temporary or changing state. \ (v. i.) To fix one's residence; to establish a dwelling place or home, the Saxons who settled in Britain. \ (v. i.) To enter into the married state, or the state of a householder. \ (v. i.) To be established in an employment or profession, to settle in the practice of law. \ (v. i.) To become firm, and hard, as the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared, the roads settled late in the spring. \ (v. i.) To become clear after being turbid or obscure; to clarify by depositing matter held in suspension, the weather settled; wine settles by standing. \ (v. i.) To sink to the bottom; to fall to the bottom, as dregs of a liquid, or the sediment of a reserveir. \ (v. i.) To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside, as the foundation of a house, etc. \ (v. i.) To become calm; to cease from agitation. \ (v. i.) To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement, he has settled with his creditors. \ (v. i.) To make a jointure for a wife.
insert provide v. to give something needed or wanted \ (v. t.) To look out for in advance; to procure beforehand; to get, collect, or make ready for future use; to prepare. \ (v. t.) To supply; to afford; to contribute. \ (v. t.) To furnish; to supply; -- formerly followed by of, now by with. \ (v. t.) To establish as a previous condition; to stipulate; as, the contract provides that the work be well done. \ (v. t.) To foresee. \ (v. t.) To appoint to an ecclesiastical benefice before it is vacant. See Provisor. \ (v. i.) To procure supplies or means in advance; to take measures beforehand in view of an expected or a possible future need, especially a danger or an evil; -- followed by against or for, to provide against the inclemency of the weather; to provide for the education of a child. \ (v. i.) To stipulate previously; to condition, the agreement provides for an early completion of the work.
insert negative (a.) Denying; implying, containing, or asserting denial, negation or refusal; returning the answer no to an inquiry or request; refusing assent; as, a negative answer; a negative opinion; -- opposed to affirmative. \ (a.) Not positive; without affirmative statement or demonstration; indirect; consisting in the absence of something; privative, a negative argument; a negative morality; negative criticism. \ (a.) Asserting absence of connection between a subject and a predicate, a negative proposition. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a picture upon glass or other material, in which the lights and shades of the original, and the relations of right and left, are reversed. \ (a.) Metalloidal; nonmetallic; -- contracted with positive or basic, the nitro group is negative. \ (n.) A proposition by which something is denied or forbidden; a conception or term formed by prefixing the negative particle to one which is positive; an opposite or contradictory term or conception. \ (n.) A word used in denial or refusal, not, no. \ (n.) The refusal or withholding of assents; veto. \ (n.) That side of a question which denies or refuses, or which is taken by an opposing or denying party; the relation or position of denial or opposition, the question was decided in the negative. \ (n.) A picture upon glass or other material, in which the light portions of the original are represented in some opaque material (usually reduced silver), and the dark portions by the uncovered and transparent or semitransparent ground of the picture. \ (n.) The negative plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell. \ (v. t.) To prove unreal or intrue; to disprove. \ (v. t.) To reject by vote; to refuse to enact or sanction, the Senate negatived the bill. \ (v. t.) To neutralize the force of; to counteract.
insert leader (n.) One who, or that which, leads or conducts; a guide; a conductor. \ (n.) One who goes first. \ (n.) One having authority to direct; a chief; a commander. \ (n.) A performer who leads a band or choir in music; also, in an orchestra, the principal violinist; the one who plays at the head of the first violins. \ (n.) A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places. \ (n.) The principal wheel in any kind of machinery. \ (n.) A horse placed in advance of others; one of the forward pair of horses. \ (n.) A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground; a conductor. \ (n.) A net for leading fish into a pound, weir, etc. , a line of gut, to which the snell of a fly hook is attached. \ (n.) A branch or small vein, not important in itself, but indicating the proximity of a better one. \ (n.) The first, or the principal, editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article. \ (n.) A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face. \ (n.) a row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.
insert use v. to employ for a purpose; to put into action \ (v. t.) The act of employing anything, or of applying it to one's service; the state of being so employed or applied; application; employment; conversion to some purpose; as, the use of a pen in writing; his machines are in general use. \ (v. t.) Occasion or need to employ; necessity, to have no further use for a book. \ (v. t.) Yielding of service; advantage derived; capability of being used; usefulness; utility. \ (v. t.) Continued or repeated practice; customary employment; usage; custom; manner; habit. \ (v. t.) Common occurrence; ordinary experience. \ (v. t.) The special form of ritual adopted for use in any diocese, the Sarum, or Canterbury, use; the Hereford use; the York use; the Roman use; etc. \ (v. t.) The premium paid for the possession and employment of borrowed money; interest; usury. \ (v. t.) The benefit or profit of lands and tenements. Use imports a trust and confidence reposed in a man for the holding of lands. He to whose use or benefit the trust is intended shall enjoy the profits. An estate is granted and limited to A for the use of B. \ (v. t.) A stab of iron welded to the side of a forging, as a shaft, near the end, and afterward drawn down, by hammering, so as to lengthen the forging. \ (v. t.) To make use of; to convert to one's service; to avail one's self of; to employ; to put a purpose, to use a plow; to use a chair; to use time; to use flour for food; to use water for irrigation. \ (v. t.) To behave toward; to act with regard to; to treat, to use a beast cruelly. \ (v. t.) To practice customarily; to make a practice of, to use diligence in business. \ (v. t.) To accustom; to habituate; to render familiar by practice; to inure; -- employed chiefly in the passive participle, men used to cold and hunger; soldiers used to hardships and danger. \ (v. i.) To be wont or accustomed; to be in the habit or practice, he used to ride daily; -- now disused in the present tense, perhaps because of the similarity in sound, between "use to," and "used to." \ (v. i.) To be accustomed to go; to frequent; to inhabit; to dwell; -- sometimes followed by of.
insert uncle (n.) The brother of one's father or mother; also applied to an aunt's husband; -- the correlative of aunt in sex, and of nephew and niece in relationship. \ (n.) A pawnbroker. \ (n.) An eldery man; -- used chiefly as a kindly or familiar appellation, esp. (Southern U. S.) for a worthy old negro; as, "Uncle Remus."
insert bye (n.) A thing not directly aimed at; something which is a secondary object of regard; an object by the way, etc.; as in on or upon the bye, i. e., in passing; indirectly; by implication. \ (n.) A run made upon a missed ball; as, to steal a bye. \ (n.) A dwelling. \ (n.) In certain games, a station or place of an individual player. \ (n.) In various sports in which the contestants are drawn in pairs, the position or turn of one left with no opponent in consequence of an odd number being engaged, to draw a bye in a round of a tennis tournament. \ (n.) The hole or holes of a stipulated course remaining unplayed at the end of a match.
insert tooth (n.) One of the hard, bony appendages which are borne on the jaws, or on other bones in the walls of the mouth or pharynx of most vertebrates, and which usually aid in the prehension and mastication of food. \ (n.) Fig.: Taste; palate. \ (n.) Any projection corresponding to the tooth of an animal, in shape, position, or office; as, the teeth, or cogs, of a cogwheel; a tooth, prong, or tine, of a fork, or the teeth, of a rake, a saw, a file, a card. \ (n.) A projecting member resembling a tenon, but fitting into a mortise that is only sunk, not pierced through. \ (n.) One of several steps, or offsets, in a tusk. See Tusk. \ (n.) An angular or prominence on any edge, a tooth on the scale of a fish, or on a leaf of a plant \ (n.) one of the appendages at the mouth of the capsule of a moss. See Peristome. \ (n.) Any hard calcareous or chitinous organ found in the mouth of various invertebrates and used in feeding or procuring food, the teeth of a mollusk or a starfish. \ (v. t.) To furnish with teeth. \ (v. t.) To indent; to jag, to tooth a saw. \ (v. t.) To lock into each other. See Tooth, n., 4.
insert celebration (n.) The act, process, or time of celebrating.
insert business n. one's work; buying and selling to earn money; trade \ (n.) That which busies one, or that which engages the time, attention, or labor of any one, as his principal concern or interest, whether for a longer or shorter time; constant employment; regular occupation; as, the business of life; business before pleasure. \ (n.) Any particular occupation or employment engaged in for livelihood or gain, as agriculture, trade, art, or a profession. \ (n.) Financial dealings; buying and selling; traffic in general; mercantile transactions. \ (n.) That which one has to do or should do; special service, duty, or mission. \ (n.) Affair; concern; matter; -- used in an indefinite sense, and modified by the connected words. \ (n.) The position, distribution, and order of persons and properties on the stage of a theater, as determined by the stage manager in rehearsal. \ (n.) Care; anxiety; diligence.
insert narrow ad. limited in size or amount; not wide; having a short distance from one side to the other \ (superl.) Of little breadth; not wide or broad; having little distance from side to side; as, a narrow board; a narrow street; a narrow hem. \ (superl.) Of little extent; very limited; circumscribed. \ (superl.) Having but a little margin; having barely sufficient space, time, or number, etc.; close; near; -- with special reference to some peril or misfortune, a narrow shot; a narrow escape; a narrow majority. \ (superl.) Limited as to means; straitened; pinching, narrow circumstances. \ (superl.) Contracted; of limited scope; illiberal; bigoted, a narrow mind; narrow views. \ (superl.) Parsimonious; niggardly; covetous; selfish. \ (superl.) Scrutinizing in detail; accurate; exact. \ (superl.) Formed (as a vowel) by a close position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate; or (according to Bell) by a tense condition of the pharynx; -- distinguished from wide; as e (eve) and \ (n.) A narrow passage; esp., a contracted part of a stream, lake, or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water; -- usually in the plural, The Narrows of New York harbor. \ (v. t.) To lessen the breadth of; to contract; to draw into a smaller compass; to reduce the width or extent of. \ (v. t.) To contract the reach or sphere of; to make less liberal or more selfish; to limit; to confine; to restrict, to narrow one's views or knowledge; to narrow a question in discussion. \ (v. t.) To contract the size of, as a stocking, by taking two stitches into one. \ (v. i.) To become less broad; to become narrower, the sea narrows into a strait. \ (v. i.) Not to step out enough to the one hand or the other, a horse narrows. \ (v. i.) To contract the size of a stocking or other knit article, by taking two stitches into one. / (f/d), etc., from i (ill) and / (f/t), etc. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 13.
insert rod (n.) A straight and slender stick; a wand; hence, any slender bar, as of wood or metal (applied to various purposes). \ (n.) An instrument of punishment or correction; figuratively, chastisement. \ (n.) A kind of sceptor, or badge of office, power; authority; tyranny; oppression. \ (n.) A support for a fishing line; a fish pole. \ (n.) A member used in tension, as for sustaining a suspended weight, or in tension and compression, as for transmitting reciprocating motion, etc.; a connecting bar.  \ (n.) An instrument for measuring. \ (n.) A measure of length containing sixteen and a half feet; -- called also perch, and pole.
insert success (n.) Act of succeeding; succession. \ (n.) That which comes after; hence, consequence, issue, or result, of an endeavor or undertaking, whether good or bad; the outcome of effort. \ (n.) The favorable or prosperous termination of anything attempted; the attainment of a proposed object; prosperous issue. \ (n.) That which meets with, or one who accomplishes, favorable results, as a play or a player.
insert sock (n.) A plowshare. \ (n.) The shoe worn by actors of comedy in ancient Greece and Rome, -- used as a symbol of comedy, or of the comic drama, as distinguished from tragedy, which is symbolized by the buskin. \ (n.) A knit or woven covering for the foot and lower leg; a stocking with a short leg. \ (n.) A warm inner sole for a shoe. \ (v. t.) To hurl, drive, or strike violently; -- often with it as an object.
insert simple ad. easy to understand or do; not difficult or complex \ (a.) Single; not complex; not infolded or entangled; uncombined; not compounded; not blended with something else; not complicated; as, a simple substance; a simple idea; a simple sound; a simple machine; a simple problem; simple tasks. \ (a.) Plain; unadorned, simple dress. \ (a.) Mere; not other than; being only. \ (a.) Not given to artifice, stratagem, or duplicity; undesigning; sincere; true. \ (a.) Artless in manner; unaffected; unconstrained; natural; inartificial; straightforward. \ (a.) Direct; clear; intelligible; not abstruse or enigmatical, a simple statement; simple language. \ (a.) Weak in intellect; not wise or sagacious; of but moderate understanding or attainments; hence, foolish; silly. \ (a.) Not luxurious; without much variety; plain, a simple diet; a simple way of living. \ (a.) Humble; lowly; undistinguished. \ (a.) Without subdivisions; entire, a simple stem; a simple leaf. \ (a.) Not capable of being decomposed into anything more simple or ultimate by any means at present known; elementary; thus, atoms are regarded as simple bodies. Cf. Ultimate, a. \ (a.) Homogenous. \ (a.) Consisting of a single individual or zooid, a simple ascidian; -- opposed to compound. \ (a.) Something not mixed or compounded. \ (a.) A medicinal plant; -- so called because each vegetable was supposed to possess its particular virtue, and therefore to constitute a simple remedy. \ (a.) A drawloom. \ (a.) A part of the apparatus for raising the heddles of a drawloom. \ (a.) A feast which is not a double or a semidouble. \ (v. i.) To gather simples, or medicinal plants.
insert busily (adv.) In a busy manner.
insert sharply (adv.) In a sharp manner; keenly; acutely.
insert deal v. to have to do with ("The talks will deal with the problem of pollution."); to buy or sell ("Her company deals in plastic.") \ (n.) A part or portion; a share; hence, an indefinite quantity, degree, or extent; as, a deal of time and trouble; a deal of cold. \ (n.) The process of dealing cards to the players; also, the portion disturbed. \ (n.) Distribution; apportionment. \ (n.) An arrangement to attain a desired result by a combination of interested parties; -- applied to stock speculations and political bargains. \ (n.) The division of a piece of timber made by sawing; a board or plank; particularly, a board or plank of fir or pine above seven inches in width, and exceeding six feet in length. If narrower than this, it is called a batten; if shorter, a deal end. \ (n.) Wood of the pine or fir, a floor of deal. \ (n.) To divide; to separate in portions, to give in portions; to distribute; to bestow successively; -- sometimes with out. \ (n.) Specifically: To distribute, as cards, to the players at the commencement of a game, to deal the cards; to deal one a jack. \ (v. i.) To make distribution; to share out in portions, as cards to the players. \ (v. i.) To do a distributing or retailing business, as distinguished from that of a manufacturer or producer; to traffic; to trade; to do business, he deals in flour. \ (v. i.) To act as an intermediary in business or any affairs; to manage; to make arrangements; -- followed by between or with. \ (v. i.) To conduct one's self; to behave or act in any affair or towards any one; to treat. \ (v. i.) To contend (with); to treat (with), by way of opposition, check, or correction, he has turbulent passions to deal with.
insert sight (v. t.) The act of seeing; perception of objects by the eye; view; as, to gain sight of land. \ (v. t.) The power of seeing; the faculty of vision, or of perceiving objects by the instrumentality of the eyes. \ (v. t.) The state of admitting unobstructed vision; visibility; open view; region which the eye at one time surveys; space through which the power of vision extends, an object within sight. \ (v. t.) A spectacle; a view; a show; something worth seeing. \ (v. t.) The instrument of seeing; the eye. \ (v. t.) Inspection; examination, a letter intended for the sight of only one person. \ (v. t.) Mental view; opinion; judgment, in their sight it was harmless. \ (v. t.) A small aperture through which objects are to be seen, and by which their direction is settled or ascertained, the sight of a quadrant. \ (v. t.) A small piece of metal, fixed or movable, on the breech, muzzle, center, or trunnion of a gun, or on the breech and the muzzle of a rifle, pistol, etc., by means of which the eye is guided in aiming. \ (v. t.) In a drawing, picture, that part of the surface, as of paper or canvas, which is within the frame or the border or margin. In a frame or the like, the open space, the opening. \ (v. t.) A great number, quantity, or sum, a sight of money. \ (v. t.) To get sight of; to see, to sight land; to sight a wreck. \ (v. t.) To look at through a sight; to see accurately, to sight an object, as a star. \ (v. t.) To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of; also, to give the proper elevation and direction to by means of a sight, to sight a rifle or a cannon. \ (v. i.) To take aim by a sight.
insert pear (n.) The fleshy pome, or fruit, of a rosaceous tree (Pyrus communis), cultivated in many varieties in temperate climates; also, the tree which bears this fruit. See Pear family, below.
insert mile (n.) A certain measure of distance, being equivalent in England and the United States to 320 poles or rods, or 5,280 feet.
insert my (a.) Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; as, my body; my book; -- mine is used in the predicate, the book is mine. See Mine.
insert lend v. to permit someone to use a thing temporarily; to make a loan of money \ (v. t.) To allow the custody and use of, on condition of the return of the same; to grant the temporary use of; as, to lend a book; -- opposed to borrow. \ (v. t.) To allow the possession and use of, on condition of the return of an equivalent in kind, to lend money or some article of food. \ (v. t.) To afford; to grant or furnish in general, to lend assistance; to lend one's name or influence. \ (v. t.) To let for hire or compensation, to lend a horse or gig.
insert list v. to put in writing a number of names of people or things; n. a written series of names or things \ (n.) A line inclosing or forming the extremity of a piece of ground, or field of combat; hence, in the plural (lists), the ground or field inclosed for a race or combat. \ (v. t.) To inclose for combat; as, to list a field. \ (v. i.) To hearken; to attend; to listen. \ (v. t.) To listen or hearken to. \ (v. i.) To desire or choose; to please. \ (v. i.) To lean; to incline, the ship lists to port. \ (n.) Inclination; desire. \ (n.) An inclination to one side, the ship has a list to starboard. \ (n.) A strip forming the woven border or selvedge of cloth, particularly of broadcloth, and serving to strengthen it, a strip of cloth; a fillet. \ (n.) A limit or boundary; a border. \ (n.) The lobe of the ear; the ear itself. \ (n.) A stripe. \ (n.) A roll or catalogue, that is row or line; a record of names, a list of names, books, articles; a list of ratable estate. \ (n.) A little square molding; a fillet; -- called also listel. \ (n.) A narrow strip of wood, esp. sapwood, cut from the edge of a plank or board. \ (n.) A piece of woolen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a workman. \ (n.) The first thin coat of tin. \ (n.) A wirelike rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated. \ (v. t.) To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colors, or form a border. \ (v. t.) To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on, to list a door; to stripe as if with list. \ (v. t.) To enroll; to place or register in a list. \ (v. t.) To engage, as a soldier; to enlist. \ (v. t.) To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of, to list a board. \ (v. i.) To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist. \ (v. t.) To plow and plant with a lister. \ (v. t.) In cotton culture, to prepare, as land, for the crop by making alternating beds and alleys with the hoe.
insert respect (v. t.) To take notice of; to regard with special attention; to regard as worthy of special consideration; hence, to care for; to heed. \ (v. t.) To consider worthy of esteem; to regard with honor. \ (v. t.) To look toward; to front upon or toward. \ (v. t.) To regard; to consider; to deem. \ (v. t.) To have regard to; to have reference to; to relate to; as, the treaty particularly respects our commerce. \ (v.) The act of noticing with attention; the giving particular consideration to, care; caution. \ (v.) Esteem; regard; consideration; honor. \ (v.) An expression of respect of deference; regards, to send one's respects to another. \ (v.) Reputation; repute. \ (v.) Relation; reference; regard. \ (v.) Particular; point regarded; point of view, in this respect; in any respect; in all respects. \ (v.) Consideration; motive; interest.
insert earn v. to be paid in return for work done \ (n.) See Ern, n. \ (v. t.) To merit or deserve, as by labor or service; to do that which entitles one to (a reward, whether the reward is received or not). \ (v. t.) To acquire by labor, service, or performance; to deserve and receive as compensation or wages; as, to earn a good living; to earn honors or laurels. \ (v. t. & i.) To grieve. \ (v. i.) To long; to yearn. \ (v. i.) To curdle, as milk.
insert custom n. a long-established belief or activity of a people \ (n.) Frequent repetition of the same act; way of acting common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; usage; method of doing or living. \ (n.) Habitual buying of goods; practice of frequenting, as a shop, manufactory, etc., for making purchases or giving orders; business support. \ (n.) Long-established practice, considered as unwritten law, and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage, and Prescription. \ (n.) Familiar aquaintance; familiarity. \ (v. t.) To make familiar; to accustom. \ (v. t.) To supply with customers. \ (v. i.) To have a custom. \ (n.) The customary toll, tax, or tribute. \ (n.) Duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities, imported or exported. \ (v. t.) To pay the customs of.
insert perhaps (adv.) By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
insert whole ad. the complete amount; all together; not divided; not cut into pieces \ (a.) Containing the total amount, number, etc.; comprising all the parts; free from deficiency; all; total; entire; as, the whole earth; the whole solar system; the whole army; the whole nation. \ (a.) Complete; not defective or imperfect; not broken or fractured; unimpaired; uninjured; integral, a whole orange; the egg is whole; the vessel is whole. \ (a.) Possessing, or being in a state of, heath and soundness; healthy; sound; well. \ (n.) The entire thing; the entire assemblage of parts; totality; all of a thing, without defect or exception; a thing complete in itself. \ (n.) A regular combination of parts; a system.
insert seashore (n.) The coast of the sea; the land that lies adjacent to the sea or ocean. \ (n.) All the ground between the ordinary highwater and low-water marks.
insert sack (n.) A name formerly given to various dry Spanish wines. \ (n.) A bag for holding and carrying goods of any kind; a receptacle made of some kind of pliable material, as cloth, leather, and the like; a large pouch. \ (n.) A measure of varying capacity, according to local usage and the substance. The American sack of salt is 215 pounds; the sack of wheat, two bushels. \ (n.) Originally, a loosely hanging garment for women, worn like a cloak about the shoulders, and serving as a decorative appendage to the gown; now, an outer garment with sleeves, worn by women; as, a dressing sack. \ (n.) A sack coat; a kind of coat worn by men, and extending from top to bottom without a cross seam. \ (n.) See 2d Sac, 2. \ (n.) Bed. \ (v. t.) To put in a sack; to bag, to sack corn. \ (v. t.) To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders. \ (n.) The pillage or plunder, as of a town or city; the storm and plunder of a town; devastation; ravage. \ (v. t.) To plunder or pillage, as a town or city; to devastate; to ravage.
insert backward (adv.) Alt. of Backwards \ (a.) Directed to the back or rear; as, backward glances. \ (a.) Unwilling; averse; reluctant; hesitating; loath. \ (a.) Not well advanced in learning; not quick of apprehension; dull; inapt, a backward child. \ (a.) Late or behindhand, a backward season. \ (a.) Not advanced in civilization; undeveloped, the country or region is in a backward state. \ (a.) Already past or gone; bygone. \ (n.) The state behind or past. \ (v. i.) To keep back; to hinder.
insert inner (a.) Further in; interior; internal; not outward; as, an spirit or its phenomena. \ (a.) Not obvious or easily discovered; obscure.
insert destroy v. to break into pieces; to end the existence of \ (v. t.) To unbuild; to pull or tear down; to separate virulently into its constituent parts; to break up the structure and organic existence of; to demolish. \ (v. t.) To ruin; to bring to naught; to put an end to; to annihilate; to consume. \ (v. t.) To put an end to the existence, prosperity, or beauty of; to kill.
insert famous ad. known very well to many people \ (a.) Celebrated in fame or public report; renowned; mach talked of; distinguished in story; -- used in either a good or a bad sense, chiefly the former; often followed by for; as, famous for erudition, for eloquence, for military skill; a famous pirate.
insert tire (n.) A tier, row, or rank. See Tier. \ (n.) Attire; apparel. \ (n.) A covering for the head; a headdress. \ (n.) A child's apron, covering the breast and having no sleeves; a pinafore; a tier. \ (n.) Furniture; apparatus; equipment. \ (n.) A hoop or band, as of metal, on the circumference of the wheel of a vehicle, to impart strength and receive the wear. \ (v. t.) To adorn; to attire; to dress. \ (v. i.) To seize, pull, and tear prey, as a hawk does. \ (v. i.) To seize, rend, or tear something as prey; to be fixed upon, or engaged with, anything. \ (v. i.) To become weary; to be fatigued; to have the strength fail; to have the patience exhausted; as, a feeble person soon tires. \ (v. t.) To exhaust the strength of, as by toil or labor; to exhaust the patience of; to wear out (one's interest, attention, or the like); to weary; to fatigue; to jade.
insert tax n. the money a person or business must pay to the government so the government can provide services \ (n.) A charge, especially a pecuniary burden which is imposed by authority. \ (n.) A charge or burden laid upon persons or property for the support of a government. \ (n.) Especially, the sum laid upon specific things, as upon polls, lands, houses, income, etc.; as, a land tax; a window tax; a tax on carriages, and the like. \ (n.) A sum imposed or levied upon the members of a society to defray its expenses. \ (n.) A task exacted from one who is under control; a contribution or service, the rendering of which is imposed upon a subject. \ (n.) A disagreeable or burdensome duty or charge, a heavy tax on time or health. \ (n.) Charge; censure. \ (n.) A lesson to be learned; a task. \ (n.) To subject to the payment of a tax or taxes; to impose a tax upon; to lay a burden upon; especially, to exact money from for the support of government. \ (n.) To assess, fix, or determine judicially, the amount of, to tax the cost of an action in court. \ (n.) To charge; to accuse; also, to censure; -- often followed by with, rarely by of before an indirect object, to tax a man with pride.
insert dress (v. t.) To direct; to put right or straight; to regulate; to order. \ (v. t.) To arrange in exact continuity of line, as soldiers; commonly to adjust to a straight line and at proper distance; to align; as, to dress the ranks. \ (v. t.) To treat methodically with remedies, bandages, or curative appliances, as a sore, an ulcer, a wound, or a wounded or diseased part. \ (v. t.) To adjust; to put in good order; to arrange; specifically: (a) To prepare for use; to fit for any use; to render suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready, to dress a slain animal; to dress meat; to dress leather or cloth; to dress or trim a lamp; to dress a garden; to dress a horse, by currying and rubbing; to dress grain, by cleansing it; in mining and metallurgy, to dress ores, by sorting and separating them. \ (v. t.) To cut to proper dimensions, or give proper shape to, as to a tool by hammering; also, to smooth or finish. \ (v. t.) To put in proper condition by appareling, as the body; to put clothes upon; to apparel; to invest with garments or rich decorations; to clothe; to deck. \ (v. t.) To break and train for use, as a horse or other animal. \ (v. i.) To arrange one's self in due position in a line of soldiers; -- the word of command to form alignment in ranks, Right, dress! \ (v. i.) To clothe or apparel one's self; to put on one's garments; to pay particular regard to dress, to dress quickly. \ (n.) That which is used as the covering or ornament of the body; clothes; garments; habit; apparel. \ (n.) A lady's gown, silk or a velvet dress. \ (n.) Attention to apparel, or skill in adjusting it. \ (n.) The system of furrows on the face of a millstone.
insert nonsense (n.) That which is not sense, or has no sense; words, or language, which have no meaning, or which convey no intelligible ideas; absurdity. \ (n.) Trifles; things of no importance.
insert bare (a.) Without clothes or covering; stripped of the usual covering; naked; as, his body is bare; the trees are bare. \ (a.) With head uncovered; bareheaded. \ (a.) Without anything to cover up or conceal one's thoughts or actions; open to view; exposed. \ (a.) Plain; simple; unadorned; without polish; bald; meager. \ (a.) Destitute; indigent; empty; unfurnished or scantily furnished; -- used with of (rarely with in) before the thing wanting or taken away, a room bare of furniture. \ (a.) Threadbare; much worn. \ (a.) Mere; alone; unaccompanied by anything else, a bare majority. \ (n.) Surface; body; substance. \ (n.) That part of a roofing slate, shingle, tile, or metal plate, which is exposed to the weather. \ (a.) To strip off the covering of; to make bare, to bare the breast. \ Bore; the old preterit of Bear, v. \ of Bear
insert friendly (a.) Having the temper and disposition of a friend; disposed to promote the good of another; kind; favorable. \ (a.) Appropriate to, or implying, friendship; befitting friends; amicable. \ (a.) Not hostile; as, a friendly power or state. \ (a.) Promoting the good of any person; favorable; propitious; serviceable, a friendly breeze or gale. \ (adv.) In the manner of friends; amicably; like friends. \ (n.) A friendly person; -- usually applied to natives friendly to foreign settlers or invaders.
insert dancer (n.) One who dances or who practices dancing.
insert neglect (adv.) Not to attend to with due care or attention; to forbear one's duty in regard to; to suffer to pass unimproved, unheeded, undone, etc.; to omit; to disregard; to slight; as, to neglect duty or business; to neglect to pay debts. \ (adv.) To omit to notice; to forbear to treat with attention or respect, to neglect strangers. \ (v.) Omission of proper attention; avoidance or disregard of duty, from heedlessness, indifference, or willfulness; failure to do, use, or heed anything; culpable disregard, neglect of business, of health, of economy. \ (v.) Omission if attention or civilities; slight, neglect of strangers. \ (v.) Habitual carelessness; negligence. \ (v.) The state of being disregarded, slighted, or neglected.
insert talk v. to express thoughts in spoken words; n. a meeting for discussion \ (n.) To utter words; esp., to converse familiarly; to speak, as in familiar discourse, when two or more persons interchange thoughts. \ (n.) To confer; to reason; to consult. \ (n.) To prate; to speak impertinently. \ (v. t.) To speak freely; to use for conversing or communicating; as, to talk French. \ (v. t.) To deliver in talking; to utter; to make a subject of conversation, to talk nonsense; to talk politics. \ (v. t.) To consume or spend in talking; -- often followed by away, to talk away an evening. \ (v. t.) To cause to be or become by talking. \ (n.) The act of talking; especially, familiar converse; mutual discourse; that which is uttered, especially in familiar conversation, or the mutual converse of two or more. \ (n.) Report; rumor, to hear talk of war. \ (n.) Subject of discourse, his achievment is the talk of the town.
insert under prep. below; below the surface of; less than; as called for by a law, agreement or system ("The river flows under the bridge." "Such action is not permitted under the law.") \ (prep.) Below or lower, in place or position, with the idea of being covered; lower than; beneath; -- opposed to over; as, he stood under a tree; the carriage is under cover; a cellar extends under the whole house. \ (prep.) Denoting relation to some thing or person that is superior, weighs upon, oppresses, bows down, governs, directs, influences powerfully, or the like, in a relation of subjection, subordination, obligation, liability, to travel under a heavy load; to live under extreme oppression; to have fortitude under the evils of life; to have patience under pain, or under misfortunes; to behave like a Christian under reproaches and injuries; under the pains and penalties of the law; the condition under which one enters upon an office; under the necessity of obeying the laws; under vows of chastity. \ (prep.) Denoting relation to something that exceeds in rank or degree, in number, size, weight, age; in a relation of the less to the greater, of inferiority, or of falling short. \ (prep.) Denoting relation to something that comprehends or includes, that represents or designates, that furnishes a cover, pretext, pretense, he betrayed him under the guise of friendship; Morpheus is represented under the figure of a boy asleep. \ (prep.) Less specifically, denoting the relation of being subject, of undergoing regard, treatment, a bill under discussion. \ (adv.) In a lower, subject, or subordinate condition; in subjection; -- used chiefly in a few idiomatic phrases, to bring under, to reduce to subjection; to subdue; to keep under, to keep in subjection; to control; to go under, to be unsuccessful; to fail. \ (a.) Lower in position, intensity, rank, or degree; subordinate; -- generally in composition with a noun, and written with or without the hyphen, an undercurrent; undertone; underdose; under-garment; underofficer; undersheriff.
insert bubble (n.) A thin film of liquid inflated with air or gas; as, a soap bubble; bubbles on the surface of a river. \ (n.) A small quantity of air or gas within a liquid body, bubbles rising in champagne or aerated waters. \ (n.) A globule of air, or globular vacuum, in a transparent solid, bubbles in window glass, or in a lens. \ (n.) A small, hollow, floating bead or globe, formerly used for testing the strength of spirits. \ (n.) The globule of air in the spirit tube of a level. \ (n.) Anything that wants firmness or solidity; that which is more specious than real; a false show; a cheat or fraud; a delusive scheme; an empty project; a dishonest speculation, the South Sea bubble. \ (n.) A person deceived by an empty project; a gull. \ (n.) To rise in bubbles, as liquids when boiling or agitated; to contain bubbles. \ (n.) To run with a gurgling noise, as if forming bubbles, a bubbling stream. \ (n.) To sing with a gurgling or warbling sound.
insert tiny (superl.) Very small; little; puny.
insert Friday (n.) The sixth day of the week, following Thursday and preceding Saturday.
insert tablecloth (n.) A cloth for covering a table, especially one with which a table is covered before the dishes, etc., are set on for meals.
insert cleanly (superl.) Habitually clean; pure; innocent. \ (superl.) Cleansing; fitted to remove moisture; dirt, etc. \ (superl.) Adroit; skillful; dexterous; artful. \ (adv.) In a clean manner; neatly. \ (adv.) Innocently; without stain. \ (adv.) Adroitly; dexterously.
insert consider v. to give thought to; to think about carefully \ (v. t.) To fix the mind on, with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on. \ (v. t.) To look at attentively; to observe; to examine. \ (v. t.) To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect. \ (v. t.) To estimate; to think; to regard; to view. \ (v. i.) To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate. \ (v. i.) To hesitate.
insert themselves (pron.) The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See Himself, Herself, Itself.
insert a The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets. The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter, etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first letter (/) of the Phoenician alphabet, the equivalent of the Hebrew Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent their vowel Alpha with the a sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no vowel symbols. \ The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A in the treble staff. -- A sharp (A/) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A and B. -- A flat (A/) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G. \ An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically. \ In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc. \ (prep.) In; on; at; by. \ (prep.) In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. \ Of. \ A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and of they. \ An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
insert card (n.) A piece of pasteboard, or thick paper, blank or prepared for various uses; as, a playing card; a visiting card; a card of invitation; pl. a game played with cards. \ (n.) A published note, containing a brief statement, explanation, request, expression of thanks, or the like, to put a card in the newspapers. Also, a printed programme, and (fig.), an attraction or inducement, this will be a good card for the last day of the fair. \ (n.) A paper on which the points of the compass are marked; the dial or face of the mariner's compass. \ (n.) A perforated pasteboard or sheet-metal plate for warp threads, making part of the Jacquard apparatus of a loom. See Jacquard. \ (n.) An indicator card. See under Indicator. \ (v. i.) To play at cards; to game. \ (n.) An instrument for disentangling and arranging the fibers of cotton, wool, flax, etc.; or for cleaning and smoothing the hair of animals; -- usually consisting of bent wire teeth set closely in rows in a thick piece of leather fastened to a back. \ (n.) A roll or sliver of fiber (as of wool) delivered from a carding machine. \ (v. t.) To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding, to card wool; to card a horse. \ (v. t.) To clean or clear, as if by using a card. \ (v. t.) To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article.
insert carefully (adv.) In a careful manner.
insert especially ad. more than others ("We liked the food, especially the fish.") \ (adv.) In an especial manner; chiefly; particularly; peculiarly; in an uncommon degree.
insert careful ad. acting safely; with much thought \ (a.) Full of care; anxious; solicitous. \ (a.) Filling with care or solicitude; exposing to concern, anxiety, or trouble; painful. \ (a.) Taking care; giving good heed; watchful; cautious; provident; not indifferent, heedless, or reckless; -- often followed by of, for, or the infinitive; as, careful of money; careful to do right.
insert express v. to say clearly \ (a.) Exactly representing; exact. \ (a.) Directly and distinctly stated; declared in terms; not implied or left to inference; made unambiguous by intention and care; clear; not dubious; as, express consent; an express statement. \ (a.) Intended for a particular purpose; relating to an express; sent on a particular errand; dispatched with special speed, an express messenger or train. Also used adverbially. \ (n.) A clear image or representation; an expression; a plain declaration. \ (n.) A messenger sent on a special errand; a courier; hence, a regular and fast conveyance; commonly, a company or system for the prompt and safe transportation of merchandise or parcels; also, a railway train for transporting passengers or goods with speed and punctuality. \ (n.) An express office. \ (n.) That which is sent by an express messenger or message. \ (a.) To press or squeeze out, to express the juice of grapes, or of apples, to extort; to elicit. \ (a.) To make or offer a representation of; to show by a copy or likeness; to represent; to resemble. \ (a.) To give a true impression of; to represent and make known; to manifest plainly; to show in general; to exhibit, as an opinion or feeling, by a look, gesture, and esp. by language; to declare; to utter; to tell. \ (a.) To make known the opinions or feelings of; to declare what is in the mind of; to show (one's self); to cause to appear; -- used reflexively. \ (a.) To denote; to designate. \ (a.) To send by express messenger; to forward by special opportunity, or through the medium of an express, to express a package.
insert daytime (n.) The time during which there is daylight, as distinguished from the night.
insert soldier n. a person in the army \ (n.) One who is engaged in military service as an officer or a private; one who serves in an army; one of an organized body of combatants. \ (n.) Especially, a private in military service, as distinguished from an officer. \ (n.) A brave warrior; a man of military experience and skill, or a man of distinguished valor; -- used by way of emphasis or distinction. \ (n.) The red or cuckoo gurnard (Trigla pini.) \ (n.) One of the asexual polymorphic forms of white ants, or termites, in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest. See Termite. \ (v. i.) To serve as a soldier. \ (v. i.) To make a pretense of doing something, or of performing any task.
insert tonight n. this night \ (adv.) On this present or coming night. \ (adv.) On the last night past. \ (n.) The present or the coming night; the night after the present day.
insert supporter (n.) One who, or that which, supports; as, oxygen is a supporter of life. \ (n.) Especially, an adherent; one who sustains, advocates, and defends, the supporter of a party, faction, or candidate. \ (n.) A knee placed under the cathead. \ (n.) A figure, sometimes of a man, but commonly of some animal, placed on either side of an escutcheon, and exterior to it. Usually, both supporters of an escutcheon are similar figures. \ (n.) A broad band or truss for supporting the abdomen or some other part or organ.
insert clothing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Clothe \ (n.) Garments in general; clothes; dress; raiment; covering. \ (n.) The art of process of making cloth. \ (n.) A covering of non-conducting material on the outside of a boiler, or steam chamber, to prevent radiation of heat. \ (n.) See Card clothing, under 3d Card.
insert bargain (n.) An agreement between parties concerning the sale of property; or a contract by which one party binds himself to transfer the right to some property for a consideration, and the other party binds himself to receive the property and pay the consideration. \ (n.) An agreement or stipulation; mutual pledge. \ (n.) A purchase; also ( when not qualified), a gainful transaction; an advantageous purchase; as, to buy a thing at a bargain. \ (n.) The thing stipulated or purchased; also, anything bought cheap. \ (n.) To make a bargain; to make a contract for the exchange of property or services; -- followed by with and for, to bargain with a farmer for a cow. \ (v. t.) To transfer for a consideration; to barter; to trade, to bargain one horse for another.
insert drop v. to fall or let fall; to go lower \ (n.) The quantity of fluid which falls in one small spherical mass; a liquid globule; a minim; hence, also, the smallest easily measured portion of a fluid; a small quantity; as, a drop of water. \ (n.) That which resembles, or that which hangs like, a liquid drop; as a hanging diamond ornament, an earring, a glass pendant on a chandelier, a sugarplum (sometimes medicated), or a kind of shot or slug. \ (n.) Same as Gutta. \ (n.) Any small pendent ornament. \ (n.) Whatever is arranged to drop, hang, or fall from an elevated position, a contrivance for lowering something \ (n.) A door or platform opening downward; a trap door; that part of the gallows on which a culprit stands when he is to be hanged, the gallows itself. \ (n.) A machine for lowering heavy weights, as packages, coal wagons, etc., to a ship's deck. \ (n.) A contrivance for temporarily lowering a gas jet. \ (n.) A curtain which drops or falls in front of the stage of a theater, etc. \ (n.) A drop press or drop hammer. \ (n.) The distance of the axis of a shaft below the base of a hanger. \ (n.) Any medicine the dose of which is measured by drops, lavender drops. \ (n.) The depth of a square sail; -- generally applied to the courses only. \ (n.) Act of dropping; sudden fall or descent. \ (n.) To pour or let fall in drops; to pour in small globules; to distill. \ (n.) To cause to fall in one portion, or by one motion, like a drop; to let fall, to drop a line in fishing; to drop a courtesy. \ (n.) To let go; to dismiss; to set aside; to have done with; to discontinue; to forsake; to give up; to omit. \ (n.) To bestow or communicate by a suggestion; to let fall in an indirect, cautious, or gentle manner, to drop hint, a word of counsel, etc. \ (n.) To lower, as a curtain, or the muzzle of a gun, etc. \ (n.) To send, as a letter, please drop me a line, a letter, word. \ (n.) To give birth to, to drop a lamb. \ (n.) To cover with drops; to variegate; to bedrop. \ (v. i.) To fall in drops. \ (v. i.) To fall, in general, literally or figuratively, ripe fruit drops from a tree; wise words drop from the lips. \ (v. i.) To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops. \ (v. i.) To fall dead, or to fall in death. \ (v. i.) To come to an end; to cease; to pass out of mind, the affair dropped. \ (v. i.) To come unexpectedly; -- with in or into, my old friend dropped in a moment. \ (v. i.) To fall or be depressed; to lower, the point of the spear dropped a little. \ (v. i.) To fall short of a mark. \ (v. i.) To be deep in extent; to descend perpendicularly, her main topsail drops seventeen yards.
insert office n. a room or building where business or work is done; a public position to which one is elected or appointed \ (n.) That which a person does, either voluntarily or by appointment, for, or with reference to, others; customary duty, or a duty that arises from the relations of man to man; as, kind offices, pious offices. \ (n.) A special duty, trust, charge, or position, conferred by authority and for a public purpose; a position of trust or authority, an executive or judical office; a municipal office. \ (n.) A charge or trust, of a sacred nature, conferred by God himself, the office of a priest under the old dispensation, and that of the apostles in the new. \ (n.) That which is performed, intended, or assigned to be done, by a particular thing, or that which anything is fitted to perform; a function; -- answering to duty in intelligent beings. \ (n.) The place where a particular kind of business or service for others is transacted; a house or apartment in which public officers and others transact business, the register's office; a lawyer's office. \ (n.) The company or corporation, or persons collectively, whose place of business is in an office, I have notified the office. \ (n.) The apartments or outhouses in which the domestics discharge the duties attached to the service of a house, as kitchens, pantries, stables, etc. \ (n.) Any service other than that of ordination and the Mass; any prescribed religious service. \ (v. t.) To perform, as the duties of an office; to discharge.
insert bet (n.) That which is laid, staked, or pledged, as between two parties, upon the event of a contest or any contingent issue; the act of giving such a pledge; a wager. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Bet \ (v. t.) To stake or pledge upon the event of a contingent issue; to wager. \ imp. & p. p. of Beat. \ (a. & adv.) An early form of Better.
insert gate (n.) A large door or passageway in the wall of a city, of an inclosed field or place, or of a grand edifice, etc.; also, the movable structure of timber, metal, by which the passage can be closed. \ (n.) An opening for passage in any inclosing wall, fence, or barrier; or the suspended framework which closes or opens a passage. Also, figuratively, a means or way of entrance or of exit. \ (n.) A door, valve, or other device, for stopping the passage of water through a dam, lock, pipe, etc. \ (n.) The places which command the entrances or access; hence, place of vantage; power; might. \ (n.) In a lock tumbler, the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into. \ (n.) The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mold; the ingate. \ (n.) The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece. \ (v. t.) To supply with a gate. \ (v. t.) To punish by requiring to be within the gates at an earlier hour than usual. \ (n.) A way; a path; a road; a street (as in Highgate). \ (n.) Manner; gait.
insert owner (n.) One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not.
insert evil ad. not good; extremely bad \ (a.) Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as, an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop. \ (a.) Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious, evil conduct, thoughts, heart, words, and the like. \ (a.) Producing or threatening sorrow, distress, injury, or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous, evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days. \ (n.) Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good. \ (n.) Moral badness, or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience, or by the will of the Supreme Being, or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity. \ (n.) malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil, the scrofula. \ (adv.) In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly. \ A chronic skin affection terminating in an ulcer, most commonly of the face. It is endemic along the Mediterranean, and is probably due to a specific bacillus. Called also Aleppo ulcer, Biskara boil, Delhi boil, Oriental sore, etc.
insert understand v. to know what is meant; to have knowledge of \ (v. t.) To have just and adequate ideas of; to apprehended the meaning or intention of; to have knowledge of; to comprehend; to know; as, to understand a problem in Euclid; to understand a proposition or a declaration; the court understands the advocate or his argument; to understand the sacred oracles; to understand a nod or a wink. \ (v. t.) To be apprised, or have information, of; to learn; to be informed of; to hear, I understand that Congress has passed the bill. \ (v. t.) To recognize or hold as being or signifying; to suppose to mean; to interpret; to explain. \ (v. t.) To mean without expressing; to imply tacitly; to take for granted; to assume. \ (v. t.) To stand under; to support. \ (v. i.) To have the use of the intellectual faculties; to be an intelligent being. \ (v. i.) To be informed; to have or receive knowledge.
insert till (n.) A vetch; a tare. \ (n.) A drawer. \ (n.) A tray or drawer in a chest. \ (n.) A money drawer in a shop or store. \ (n.) A deposit of clay, sand, and gravel, without lamination, formed in a glacier valley by means of the waters derived from the melting glaciers; -- sometimes applied to alluvium of an upper river terrace, when not laminated, and appearing as if formed in the same manner. \ (n.) A kind of coarse, obdurate land. \ (v. t.) To; unto; up to; as far as; until; -- now used only in respect to time, but formerly, also, of place, degree, etc., and still so used in Scotland and in parts of England and Ireland; as, I worked till four o'clock; I will wait till next week. \ (conj.) As far as; up to the place or degree that; especially, up to the time that; that is, to the time specified in the sentence or clause following; until. \ (prep.) To plow and prepare for seed, and to sow, dress, raise crops from, to cultivate, to till the earth, a field, a farm. \ (prep.) To prepare; to get. \ (v. i.) To cultivate land.
insert cleaning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Clean \ (n.) The act of making clean. \ (n.) The afterbirth of cows, ewes, etc.
insert family n. the group that includes children and their parents \ (v. t.) The collective body of persons who live in one house, and under one head or manager; a household, including parents, children, and servants, and, as the case may be, lodgers or boarders. \ (v. t.) The group comprising a husband and wife and their dependent children, constituting a fundamental unit in the organization of society. \ (v. t.) Those who descend from one common progenitor; a tribe, clan, or race; kindred; house; as, the human family; the family of Abraham; the father of a family. \ (v. t.) Course of descent; genealogy; line of ancestors; lineage. \ (v. t.) Honorable descent; noble or respectable stock, a man of family. \ (v. t.) A group of kindred or closely related individuals, a family of languages; a family of States; the chlorine family. \ (v. t.) A group of organisms, either animal or vegetable, related by certain points of resemblance in structure or development, more comprehensive than a genus, because it is usually based on fewer or less pronounced points of likeness. In zoology a family is less comprehesive than an order; in botany it is often considered the same thing as an order.
insert hopeful (a.) Full of hope, or agreeable expectation; inclined to hope; expectant. \ (a.) Having qualities which excite hope; affording promise of good or of success; as, a hopeful youth; a hopeful prospect.
insert peak (n.) A point; the sharp end or top of anything that terminates in a point; as, the peak, or front, of a cap. \ (n.) The top, or one of the tops, of a hill, mountain, or range, ending in a point; often, the whole hill or mountain, esp. when isolated, the Peak of Teneriffe. \ (n.) The upper aftermost corner of a fore-and-aft sail; -- used in many combinations, peak-halyards, peak-brails, etc. \ (n.) The narrow part of a vessel's bow, or the hold within it. \ (n.) The extremity of an anchor fluke; the bill. \ (v. i.) To rise or extend into a peak or point; to form, or appear as, a peak. \ (v. i.) To acquire sharpness of figure or features; hence, to look thin or sicky. \ (v. i.) To pry; to peep slyly. \ (v. t.) To raise to a position perpendicular, or more nearly so, to peak oars, to hold them upright; to peak a gaff or yard, to set it nearer the perpendicular.
insert watch v. to look at; to observe closely; to look and wait for \ (v. i.) The act of watching; forbearance of sleep; vigil; wakeful, vigilant, or constantly observant attention; close observation; guard; preservative or preventive vigilance; formerly, a watching or guarding by night. \ (v. i.) One who watches, or those who watch; a watchman, or a body of watchmen; a sentry; a guard. \ (v. i.) The post or office of a watchman; also, the place where a watchman is posted, or where a guard is kept. \ (v. i.) The period of the night during which a person does duty as a sentinel, or guard; the time from the placing of a sentinel till his relief; hence, a division of the night. \ (v. i.) A small timepiece, or chronometer, to be carried about the person, the machinery of which is moved by a spring. \ (n.) An allotted portion of time, usually four hour for standing watch, or being on deck ready for duty. Cf. Dogwatch. \ (n.) That part, usually one half, of the officers and crew, who together attend to the working of a vessel for an allotted time, usually four hours. The watches are designated as the port watch, and the starboard watch. \ (v. i.) To be awake; to be or continue without sleep; to wake; to keep vigil. \ (v. i.) To be attentive or vigilant; to give heed; to be on the lookout; to keep guard; to act as sentinel. \ (v. i.) To be expectant; to look with expectation; to wait; to seek opportunity. \ (v. i.) To remain awake with any one as nurse or attendant; to attend on the sick during the night; as, to watch with a man in a fever. \ (v. i.) To serve the purpose of a watchman by floating properly in its place; -- said of a buoy. \ (v. t.) To give heed to; to observe the actions or motions of, for any purpose; to keep in view; not to lose from sight and observation, to watch the progress of a bill in the legislature. \ (v. t.) To tend; to guard; to have in keeping.
insert display (v. t.) To unfold; to spread wide; to expand; to stretch out; to spread. \ (v. t.) To extend the front of (a column), bringing it into line. \ (v. t.) To spread before the view; to show; to exhibit to the sight, or to the mind; to make manifest. \ (v. t.) To make an exhibition of; to set in view conspicuously or ostentatiously; to exhibit for the sake of publicity; to parade. \ (v. t.) To make conspicuous by large or prominent type. \ (v. t.) To discover; to descry. \ (v. i.) To make a display; to act as one making a show or demonstration. \ (n.) An opening or unfolding; exhibition; manifestation. \ (n.) Ostentatious show; exhibition for effect; parade.
insert eat v. to take food into the body through the mouth \ of Eat \ (v. t.) To chew and swallow as food; to devour; -- said especially of food not liquid; as, to eat bread. \ (v. t.) To corrode, as metal, by rust; to consume the flesh, as a cancer; to waste or wear away; to destroy gradually; to cause to disappear. \ (v. i.) To take food; to feed; especially, to take solid, in distinction from liquid, food; to board. \ (v. i.) To taste or relish, it eats like tender beef. \ (v. i.) To make one's way slowly.
insert arch (n.) Any part of a curved line. \ (n.) Usually a curved member made up of separate wedge-shaped solids, with the joints between them disposed in the direction of the radii of the curve; used to support the wall or other weight above an opening. In this sense arches are segmental, round (i. e., semicircular), or pointed. \ (n.) A flat arch is a member constructed of stones cut into wedges or other shapes so as to support each other without rising in a curve. \ (n.) Any place covered by an arch; an archway; as, to pass into the arch of a bridge. \ (n.) Any curvature in the form of an arch, the arch of the aorta. \ (v. t.) To cover with an arch or arches. \ (v. t.) To form or bend into the shape of an arch. \ (v. i.) To form into an arch; to curve. \ (a.) Chief; eminent; greatest; principal. \ (a.) Cunning or sly; sportively mischievous; roguish, an arch look, word, lad. \ (n.) A chief.
insert arrival (n.) The act of arriving, or coming; the act of reaching a place from a distance, whether by water (as in its original sense) or by land. \ (n.) The attainment or reaching of any object, by effort, or in natural course; as, our arrival at this conclusion was wholly unexpected. \ (n.) The person or thing arriving or which has arrived, news brought by the last arrival. \ (n.) An approach.
insert heaven (n.) The expanse of space surrounding the earth; esp., that which seems to be over the earth like a great arch or dome; the firmament; the sky; the place where the sun, moon, and stars appear; -- often used in the plural in this sense. \ (n.) The dwelling place of the Deity; the abode of bliss; the place or state of the blessed after death. \ (n.) The sovereign of heaven; God; also, the assembly of the blessed, collectively; -- used variously in this sense, as in No. 2. \ (n.) Any place of supreme happiness or great comfort; perfect felicity; bliss; a sublime or exalted condition; as, a heaven of delight. \ (v. t.) To place in happiness or bliss, as if in heaven; to beatify.
insert station n. a place of special work or purpose ("a police station"); a place where passengers get on or off trains or buses; a place for radio or television broadcasts \ (n.) The act of standing; also, attitude or pose in standing; posture. \ (n.) A state of standing or rest; equilibrium. \ (n.) The spot or place where anything stands, especially where a person or thing habitually stands, or is appointed to remain for a time; as, the station of a sentinel. \ (n.) A regular stopping place in a stage road or route; a place where railroad trains regularly come to a stand, for the convenience of passengers, taking in fuel, moving freight, etc. \ (n.) The headquarters of the police force of any precinct. \ (n.) The place at which an instrument is planted, or observations are made, as in surveying. \ (n.) The particular place, or kind of situation, in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat. \ (n.) A place to which ships may resort, and where they may anchor safely. \ (n.) A place or region to which a government ship or fleet is assigned for duty. \ (n.) A place calculated for the rendezvous of troops, or for the distribution of them, a spot well adapted for offensive measures. Wilhelm (Mil. Dict.). \ (n.) An enlargement in a shaft or galley, used as a landing, or passing place, or for the accomodation of a pump, tank, etc. \ (n.) Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment. \ (n.) Situation; position; location. \ (n.) State; rank; condition of life; social status. \ (n.) The fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week, Wednesday and Friday, in memory of the council which condemned Christ, and of his passion. \ (n.) A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers. \ (n.) One of the places at which ecclesiastical processions pause for the performance of an act of devotion; formerly, the tomb of a martyr, or some similarly consecrated spot; now, especially, one of those representations of the successive stages of our Lord's passion which are often placed round the naves of large churches and by the side of the way leading to sacred edifices or shrines, and which are visited in rotation, stated services being performed at each; -- called also Station of the cross. \ (v. t.) To place; to set; to appoint or assign to the occupation of a post, place, or office, to station troops on the right of an army; to station a sentinel on a rampart; to station ships on the coasts of Africa. \ (n.) In Australia, a sheep run or cattle run, together with the buildings belonging to it, the homestead and buildings belonging to such a run.
insert assistant (a.) Helping; lending aid or support; auxiliary. \ (a.) Of the second grade in the staff of the army; as, an assistant surgeon. \ (n.) One who, or that which, assists; a helper; an auxiliary; a means of help. \ (n.) An attendant; one who is present.
insert relief (n.) The act of relieving, or the state of being relieved; the removal, or partial removal, of any evil, or of anything oppressive or burdensome, by which some ease is obtained; succor; alleviation; comfort; ease; redress. \ (n.) Release from a post, or from the performance of duty, by the intervention of others, by discharge, or by relay; as, a relief of a sentry. \ (n.) That which removes or lessens evil, pain, discomfort, uneasiness, etc.; that which gives succor, aid, or comfort; also, the person who relieves from performance of duty by taking the place of another; a relay. \ (n.) A fine or composition which the heir of a deceased tenant paid to the lord for the privilege of taking up the estate, which, on strict feudal principles, had lapsed or fallen to the lord on the death of the tenant. \ (n.) The projection of a figure above the ground or plane on which it is formed. \ (n.) The appearance of projection given by shading, shadow, to any figure. \ (n.) The height to which works are raised above the bottom of the ditch. \ (n.) The elevations and surface undulations of a country.
insert snow n. soft, white pieces of frozen water that fall from the sky, usually in winter or when the air temperature is very cold \ (n.) A square-rigged vessel, differing from a brig only in that she has a trysail mast close abaft the mainmast, on which a large trysail is hoisted. \ (n.) Watery particles congealed into white or transparent crystals or flakes in the air, and falling to the earth, exhibiting a great variety of very beautiful and perfect forms. \ (n.) Fig.: Something white like snow, as the white color (argent) in heraldry; something which falls in, or as in, flakes. \ (v. i.) To fall in or as snow; -- chiefly used impersonally; as, it snows; it snowed yesterday. \ (v. t.) To scatter like snow; to cover with, or as with, snow.
insert fellow (n.) A companion; a comrade; an associate; a partner; a sharer. \ (n.) A man without good breeding or worth; an ignoble or mean man. \ (n.) An equal in power, rank, character, etc. \ (n.) One of a pair, or of two things used together or suited to each other; a mate; the male. \ (n.) A person; an individual. \ (n.) In the English universities, a scholar who is appointed to a foundation called a fellowship, which gives a title to certain perquisites and privileges. \ (n.) In an American college or university, a member of the corporation which manages its business interests; also, a graduate appointed to a fellowship, who receives the income of the foundation. \ (n.) A member of a literary or scientific society; as, a Fellow of the Royal Society. \ (v. t.) To suit with; to pair with; to match.
insert rapid (a.) Very swift or quick; moving with celerity; fast; as, a rapid stream; a rapid flight; a rapid motion. \ (a.) Advancing with haste or speed; speedy in progression; in quick sequence, rapid growth; rapid improvement; rapid recurrence; rapid succession. \ (a.) Quick in execution, a rapid penman. \ (a.) The part of a river where the current moves with great swiftness, but without actual waterfall or cascade; -- usually in the plural, the Lachine rapids in the St. Lawrence.
insert farther (superl.) More remote; more distant than something else. \ (superl.) Tending to a greater distance; beyond a certain point; additional; further. \ (adv.) At or to a greater distance; more remotely; beyond; as, let us rest with what we have, without looking farther. \ (adv.) Moreover; by way of progress in treating a subject, farther, let us consider the probable event. \ (v. t.) To help onward. [R.] See Further.
insert boy n. a young male person \ (n.) A male child, from birth to the age of puberty; a lad; hence, a son. \ (v. t.) To act as a boy; -- in allusion to the former practice of boys acting women's parts on the stage. \ (n.) In various countries, a male servant, laborer, or slave of a native or inferior race; also, any man of such a race.
insert smoking (p. pr. & vb n.) of Smoke \ a. & n. from Smoke.
insert island n. a land area with water all around it \ (n.) A tract of land surrounded by water, and smaller than a continent. Cf. Continent. \ (n.) Anything regarded as resembling an island; as, an island of ice. \ (n.) See Isle, n., 2. \ (v. t.) To cause to become or to resemble an island; to make an island or islands of; to isle. \ (v. t.) To furnish with an island or with islands, to island the deep.
insert off ad. away; at a distance; condition when something is no longer operating or continuing; not on; not connected \ (adv.) In a general sense, denoting from or away from; as: \ (adv.) Denoting distance or separation; as, the house is a mile off. \ (adv.) Denoting the action of removing or separating; separation, to take off the hat or cloak; to cut off, to pare off, to clip off, to peel off, to tear off, to march off, to fly off, and the like. \ (adv.) Denoting a leaving, abandonment, departure, abatement, interruption, or remission, the fever goes off; the pain goes off; the game is off; all bets are off. \ (adv.) Denoting a different direction; not on or towards: away, to look off. \ (adv.) Denoting opposition or negation. \ (interj.) Away; begone; -- a command to depart. \ (prep.) Not on; away from, to be off one's legs or off the bed; two miles off the shore. \ (a.) On the farther side; most distant; on the side of an animal or a team farthest from the driver when he is on foot; in the United States, the right side, the off horse or ox in a team, in distinction from the nigh or near horse or ox; the off leg. \ (a.) Designating a time when one is not strictly attentive to business or affairs, or is absent from his post, and, hence, a time when affairs are not urgent, he took an off day for fishing: an off year in politics. \ (n.) The side of the field that is on the right of the wicket keeper.
insert press v. to urge strongly; n. newspapers, magazines and other publications \ (n.) An East Indian insectivore (Tupaia ferruginea). It is arboreal in its habits, and has a bushy tail. The fur is soft, and varies from rusty red to maroon and to brownish black. \ (n.) To force into service, particularly into naval service; to impress. \ (n.) A commission to force men into public service, particularly into the navy. \ (v.) To urge, or act upon, with force, as weight; to act upon by pushing or thrusting, in distinction from pulling; to crowd or compel by a gradual and continued exertion; to bear upon; to squeeze; to compress; as, we press the ground with the feet when we walk; we press the couch on which we repose; we press substances with the hands, fingers, or arms; we are pressed in a crowd. \ (v.) To squeeze, in order to extract the juice or contents of; to squeeze out, or express, from something. \ (v.) To squeeze in or with suitable instruments or apparatus, in order to compact, make dense, or smooth, to press cotton bales, paper, etc.; to smooth by ironing, to press clothes. \ (v.) To embrace closely; to hug. \ (v.) To oppress; to bear hard upon. \ (v.) To straiten; to distress, to be pressed with want or hunger. \ (v.) To exercise very powerful or irresistible influence upon or over; to constrain; to force; to compel. \ (v.) To try to force (something upon some one); to urge or inculcate with earnestness or importunity; to enforce, to press divine truth on an audience. \ (v.) To drive with violence; to hurry; to urge on; to ply hard, to press a horse in a race. \ (v. i.) To exert pressure; to bear heavily; to push, crowd, or urge with steady force. \ (v. i.) To move on with urging and crowding; to make one's way with violence or effort; to bear onward forcibly; to crowd; to throng; to encroach. \ (v. i.) To urge with vehemence or importunity; to exert a strong or compelling influence, an argument presses upon the judgment. \ (n.) An apparatus or machine by which any substance or body is pressed, squeezed, stamped, or shaped, or by which an impression of a body is taken; sometimes, the place or building containing a press or presses. \ (n.) Specifically, a printing press. \ (n.) The art or business of printing and publishing; hence, printed publications, taken collectively, more especially newspapers or the persons employed in writing for them, a free press is a blessing, a licentious press is a curse. \ (n.) An upright case or closet for the safe keeping of articles, a clothes press. \ (n.) The act of pressing or thronging forward. \ (n.) Urgent demands of business or affairs; urgency, a press of engagements. \ (n.) A multitude of individuals crowded together / crowd of single things; a throng.
insert academic (a.) Alt. of Academical \ (n.) One holding the philosophy of Socrates and Plato; a Platonist. \ (n.) A member of an academy, college, or university; an academician.
insert permission (n.) The act of permitting or allowing; formal consent; authorization; leave; license or liberty granted.
insert guitar (n.) A stringed instrument of music resembling the lute or the violin, but larger, and having six strings, three of silk covered with silver wire, and three of catgut, -- played upon with the fingers.
insert split v. to separate into two or more parts; to divide or break into parts \ (imp. & p. p.) of Split \ (v. t.) To divide lengthwise; to separate from end to end, esp. by force; to divide in the direction of the grain layers; to rive; to cleave; as, to split a piece of timber or a board; to split a gem; to split a sheepskin. \ (v. t.) To burst; to rupture; to rend; to tear asunder. \ (v. t.) To divide or break up into parts or divisions, as by discord; to separate into parts or parties, as a political party; to disunite. \ (v. t.) To divide or separate into components; -- often used with up, to split up sugar into alcohol and carbonic acid. \ (v. i.) To part asunder; to be rent; to burst, vessels split by the freezing of water in them. \ (v. i.) To be broken; to be dashed to pieces. \ (v. i.) To separate into parties or factions. \ (v. i.) To burst with laughter. \ (v. i.) To divulge a secret; to betray confidence; to peach. \ (v. i.) to divide one hand of blackjack into two hands, allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value. \ (n.) A crack, or longitudinal fissure. \ (n.) A breach or separation, as in a political party; a division. \ (n.) A piece that is split off, or made thin, by splitting; a splinter; a fragment. \ (n.) Specif (Leather Manuf.), one of the sections of a skin made by dividing it into two or more thicknesses. \ (n.) A division of a stake happening when two cards of the kind on which the stake is laid are dealt in the same turn. \ (n.) the substitution of more than one share of a corporation's stock for one share. The market price of the stock usually drops in proportion to the increase in outstanding shares of stock. The split may be in any ratio, as a two-for-one split; a three-for-two split. \ (n.) the division by a player of one hand of blackjack into two hands, allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value; the player is usually obliged to increase the amount wagered by placing a sum equal to the original bet on the new hand thus created. \ (a.) Divided; cleft. \ (a.) Divided deeply; cleft. \ (n.) Any of the three or four strips into which osiers are commonly cleft for certain kinds of work; -- usually in pl. \ (n.) Any of the dents of a reed. \ (n.) Any of the air currents in a mine formed by dividing a larger current. \ (n.) Short for Split shot or stroke. \ (n.) The feat of going down to the floor so that the legs extend in a straight line, either with one on each side or with one in front and the other behind. \ (n.) A small bottle (containing about half a pint) of some drink; -- so called as containing half the quantity of the customary smaller commercial size of bottle; also, a drink of half the usual quantity; a half glass. \ (a.) Divided so as to be done or executed part at one time or price and part at another time or price; -- said of an order, sale, etc. \ (a.) Of quotations, given in sixteenth, quotations in eighths being regular, 10/ is a split quotation.
insert temporary ad. lasting only a short time \ (a.) Lasting for a time only; existing or continuing for a limited time; not permanent; as, the patient has obtained temporary relief.
insert mother n. the female parent; a woman who has a child or children \ (n.) A female parent; especially, one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child. \ (n.) That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix. \ (n.) An old woman or matron. \ (n.) The female superior or head of a religious house, as an abbess, etc. \ (n.) Hysterical passion; hysteria. \ (a.) Received by birth or from ancestors; native, natural; as, mother language; also acting the part, or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating. \ (v. t.) To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to. \ (n.) A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids, such as vinegar, wine, etc., and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid, thus leading to their oxidation. \ (v. i.) To become like, or full of, mother, or thick matter, as vinegar.
insert parade n. a group of people and vehicles moving together to celebrate a special event or anniversary \ (v. t.) The ground where a military display is held, or where troops are drilled. \ (v. t.) An assembly and orderly arrangement or display of troops, in full equipments, for inspection or evolutions before some superior officer; a review of troops. Parades are general, regimental, or private (troop, battery, or company), according to the force assembled. \ (v. t.) Pompous show; formal display or exhibition. \ (v. t.) That which is displayed; a show; a spectacle; an imposing procession; the movement of any body marshaled in military order; as, a parade of firemen. \ (v. t.) Posture of defense; guard. \ (v. t.) A public walk; a promenade. \ (v. t.) To exhibit in a showy or ostentatious manner; to show off. \ (v. t.) To assemble and form; to marshal; to cause to maneuver or march ceremoniously, to parade troops. \ (v. i.) To make an exhibition or spectacle of one's self, as by walking in a public place. \ (v. i.) To assemble in military order for evolutions and inspection; to form or march, as in review.
insert story n. the telling or writing of an event, either real or imagined \ (v. t.) A set of rooms on the same floor or level; a floor, or the space between two floors. Also, a horizontal division of a building's exterior considered architecturally, which need not correspond exactly with the stories within. \ (n.) A narration or recital of that which has occurred; a description of past events; a history; a statement; a record. \ (n.) The relation of an incident or minor event; a short narrative; a tale; especially, a fictitious narrative less elaborate than a novel; a short romance. \ (n.) A euphemism or child's word for "a lie;" a fib; as, to tell a story. \ (v. t.) To tell in historical relation; to make the subject of a story; to narrate or describe in story.
insert march v. to walk in a group like soldiers; to walk together in a large group to protest about something
insert puzzle (v.) Something which perplexes or embarrasses; especially, a toy or a problem contrived for testing ingenuity; also, something exhibiting marvelous skill in making. \ (v.) The state of being puzzled; perplexity; as, to be in a puzzle. \ (v. t.) To perplex; to confuse; to embarrass; to put to a stand; to nonplus. \ (v. t.) To make intricate; to entangle. \ (v. t.) To solve by ingenuity, as a puzzle; -- followed by out, to puzzle out a mystery. \ (v. i.) To be bewildered, or perplexed. \ (v. i.) To work, as at a puzzle, to puzzle over a problem.
insert thumb (n.) The short, thick first digit of the human hand, differing from the other fingers in having but two phalanges; the pollex. See Pollex. \ (v. t.) To handle awkwardly. \ (v. t.) To play with the thumbs, or with the thumbs and fingers; as, to thumb over a tune. \ (v. t.) To soil or wear with the thumb or the fingers; to soil, or wear out, by frequent handling; also, to cover with the thumb, to thumb the touch-hole of a cannon. \ (v. i.) To play with the thumb or thumbs; to play clumsily; to thrum.
insert creation (n.) The act of creating or causing to exist. Specifically, the act of bringing the universe or this world into existence. \ (n.) That which is created; that which is produced or caused to exist, as the world or some original work of art or of the imagination; nature. \ (n.) The act of constituting or investing with a new character; appointment; formation.
insert typist (n.) A person who operates a typewriting machine; a typewriter.
insert dictionary (n.) A book containing the words of a language, arranged alphabetically, with explanations of their meanings; a lexicon; a vocabulary; a wordbook. \ (n.) Hence, a book containing the words belonging to any system or province of knowledge; as, a dictionary of medicine or of botany; a biographical dictionary.
insert winter n. the coldest time of year, between autumn and spring \ (n.) The season of the year in which the sun shines most obliquely upon any region; the coldest season of the year. \ (n.) The period of decay, old age, death, or the like. \ (v. i.) To pass the winter; to hibernate; as, to winter in Florida. \ (v. i.) To keep, feed or manage, during the winter, to winter young cattle on straw.
insert though (conj.) Granting, admitting, or supposing that; notwithstanding that; if. \ (adv.) However; nevertheless; notwithstanding; -- used in familiar language, and in the middle or at the end of a sentence.
insert still ad. not moving ("The man was standing still."); until the present or a stated time ("Was he still there?"); even so; although ("The job was difficult, but she still wanted to do it.") \ (adv.) Motionless; at rest; quiet; as, to stand still; to lie or sit still. \ (adv.) Uttering no sound; silent, the audience is still; the animals are still. \ (adv.) Not disturbed by noise or agitation; calm, a still evening; a still atmosphere. \ (adv.) Comparatively quiet or silent; soft; gentle; low. \ (adv.) Constant; continual. \ (adv.) Not effervescing; not sparkling, still wines. \ (n.) Freedom from noise; silence, the still of midnight. \ (n.) A steep hill or ascent. \ (a.) To this time; until and during the time now present; now no less than before; yet. \ (a.) In the future as now and before. \ (a.) In continuation by successive or repeated acts; always; ever; constantly; uniformly. \ (a.) In an increasing or additional degree; even more; -- much used with comparatives. \ (a.) Notwithstanding what has been said or done; in spite of what has occured; nevertheless; -- sometimes used as a conjunction. See Synonym of But. \ (a.) After that; after what is stated. \ (a.) To stop, as motion or agitation; to cause to become quiet, or comparatively quiet; to check the agitation of, to still the raging sea. \ (a.) To stop, as noise; to silence. \ (a.) To appease; to calm; to quiet, as tumult, agitation, or excitement, to still the passions. \ (v.) A vessel, boiler, or copper used in the distillation of liquids; specifically, one used for the distillation of alcoholic liquors; a retort. The name is sometimes applied to the whole apparatus used in in vaporization and condensation. \ (v.) A house where liquors are distilled; a distillery. \ (v. t.) To cause to fall by drops. \ (v. t.) To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a refrigeratory; to distill. \ (v. i.) To drop, or flow in drops; to distill.
insert pointed (imp. & p. p.) of Point \ (a.) Sharp; having a sharp point; as, a pointed rock. \ (a.) Characterized by sharpness, directness, or pithiness of expression; terse; epigrammatic; especially, directed to a particular person or thing.
insert stone n. a small piece of rock \ (n.) Concreted earthy or mineral matter; also, any particular mass of such matter; as, a house built of stone; the boy threw a stone; pebbles are rounded stones. \ (n.) A precious stone; a gem. \ (n.) Something made of stone. Specifically: - \ (n.) The glass of a mirror; a mirror. \ (n.) A monument to the dead; a gravestone. \ (n.) A calculous concretion, especially one in the kidneys or bladder; the disease arising from a calculus. \ (n.) One of the testes; a testicle. \ (n.) The hard endocarp of drupes, the stone of a cherry or peach. See Illust. of Endocarp. \ (n.) A weight which legally is fourteen pounds, but in practice varies with the article weighed. \ (n.) Fig.: Symbol of hardness and insensibility; torpidness; insensibility, a heart of stone. \ (n.) A stand or table with a smooth, flat top of stone, commonly marble, on which to arrange the pages of a book, newspaper, etc., before printing; -- called also imposing stone. \ (n.) To pelt, beat, or kill with stones. \ (n.) To make like stone; to harden. \ (n.) To free from stones, to remove the seeds of, to stone a field; to stone cherries; to stone raisins. \ (n.) To wall or face with stones; to line or fortify with stones, to stone a well; to stone a cellar. \ (n.) To rub, scour, or sharpen with a stone.
insert alcohol n. a strong, colorless liquid, usually made from grain, used as a drug or in industrial products \ (n.) An impalpable powder. \ (n.) The fluid essence or pure spirit obtained by distillation. \ (n.) Pure spirit of wine; pure or highly rectified spirit (called also ethyl alcohol); the spirituous or intoxicating element of fermented or distilled liquors, or more loosely a liquid containing it in considerable quantity. It is extracted by simple distillation from various vegetable juices and infusions of a saccharine nature, which have undergone vinous fermentation. \ (n.) A class of compounds analogous to vinic alcohol in constitution. Chemically speaking, they are hydroxides of certain organic radicals; as, the radical ethyl forms common or ethyl alcohol (C2H5.OH); methyl forms methyl alcohol (CH3.OH) or wood spirit; amyl forms amyl alcohol (C5H11.OH) or fusel oil, etc.
insert gift n. something given without cost \ (v. t.) Anything given; anything voluntarily transferred by one person to another without compensation; a present; an offering. \ (v. t.) The act, right, or power of giving or bestowing; as, the office is in the gift of the President. \ (v. t.) A bribe; anything given to corrupt. \ (v. t.) Some quality or endowment given to man by God; a preeminent and special talent or aptitude; power; faculty, the gift of wit; a gift for speaking. \ (v. t.) A voluntary transfer of real or personal property, without any consideration. It can be perfected only by deed, or in case of personal property, by an actual delivery of possession. \ (v. t.) To endow with some power or faculty.
insert following (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Follow \ (n.) One's followers, adherents, or dependents, collectively. \ (n.) Vocation; business; profession. \ (a.) Next after; succeeding; ensuing; as, the assembly was held on the following day. \ (a.) (In the field of a telescope) In the direction from which stars are apparently moving (in consequence of the earth's rotation), a small star, north following or south following. In the direction toward which stars appear to move is called preceding.
insert spring n. the time of the year between winter and summer \ (v. i.) To leap; to bound; to jump. \ (v. i.) To issue with speed and violence; to move with activity; to dart; to shoot. \ (v. i.) To start or rise suddenly, as from a covert. \ (v. i.) To fly back; as, a bow, when bent, springs back by its elastic power. \ (v. i.) To bend from a straight direction or plane surface; to become warped, a piece of timber, or a plank, sometimes springs in seasoning. \ (v. i.) To shoot up, out, or forth; to come to the light; to begin to appear; to emerge; as a plant from its seed, as streams from their source, and the like; -often followed by up, forth, or out. \ (v. i.) To issue or proceed, as from a parent or ancestor; to result, as from a cause, motive, reason, or principle. \ (v. i.) To grow; to prosper. \ (v. t.) To cause to spring up; to start or rouse, as game; to cause to rise from the earth, or from a covert, to spring a pheasant. \ (v. t.) To produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly. \ (v. t.) To cause to explode, to spring a mine. \ (v. t.) To crack or split; to bend or strain so as to weaken, to spring a mast or a yard. \ (v. t.) To cause to close suddenly, as the parts of a trap operated by a spring, to spring a trap. \ (v. t.) To bend by force, as something stiff or strong; to force or put by bending, as a beam into its sockets, and allowing it to straighten when in place; -- often with in, etc., to spring in a slat or a bar. \ (v. t.) To pass over by leaping, to spring a fence. \ (v. i.) A leap; a bound; a jump. \ (v. i.) A flying back; the resilience of a body recovering its former state by elasticity, the spring of a bow. \ (v. i.) Elastic power or force. \ (v. i.) An elastic body of any kind, as steel, India rubber, tough wood, or compressed air, used for various mechanical purposes, as receiving and imparting power, diminishing concussion, regulating motion, measuring weight or other force. \ (v. i.) Any source of supply; especially, the source from which a stream proceeds; as issue of water from the earth; a natural fountain. \ (v. i.) Any active power; that by which action, or motion, is produced or propagated; cause; origin; motive. \ (v. i.) That which springs, or is originated, from a source; \ (v. i.) A race; lineage. \ (v. i.) A youth; a springal. \ (v. i.) A shoot; a plant; a young tree; also, a grove of trees; woodland. \ (v. i.) That which causes one to spring; specifically, a lively tune. \ (v. i.) The season of the year when plants begin to vegetate and grow; the vernal season, usually comprehending the months of March, April, and May, in the middle latitudes north of the equator. \ (v. i.) The time of growth and progress; early portion; first stage. \ (v. i.) A crack or fissure in a mast or yard, running obliquely or transversely.
insert paint v. to cover with a liquid color; to make a picture with liquid colors; n. a colored liquid used to cover or protect a surface \ (v. t.) To cover with coloring matter; to apply paint to; as, to paint a house, a signboard, etc. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To color, stain, or tinge; to adorn or beautify with colors; to diversify with colors. \ (v. t.) To form in colors a figure or likeness of on a flat surface, as upon canvas; to represent by means of colors or hues; to exhibit in a tinted image; to portray with paints, to paint a portrait or a landscape. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To represent or exhibit to the mind; to describe vividly; to delineate; to image; to depict. \ (v. t.) To practice the art of painting, the artist paints well. \ (v. t.) To color one's face by way of beautifying it. \ (n.) A pigment or coloring substance. \ (n.) The same prepared with a vehicle, as oil, water with gum, or the like, for application to a surface. \ (n.) A cosmetic; rouge.
insert least (a.) Smallest, either in size or degree; shortest; lowest; most unimportant; as, the least insect; the least mercy; the least space. \ (adv.) In the smallest or lowest degree; in a degree below all others, to reward those who least deserve it. \ (conj.) See Lest, conj.
insert cafe (n.) A coffeehouse; a restaurant; also, a room in a hotel or restaurant where coffee and liquors are served.
insert broad (superl.) Wide; extend in breadth, or from side to side; -- opposed to narrow; as, a broad street, a broad table; an inch broad. \ (superl.) Extending far and wide; extensive; vast, the broad expanse of ocean. \ (superl.) Extended, in the sense of diffused; open; clear; full. \ (superl.) Fig.: Having a large measure of any thing or quality; not limited; not restrained; -- applied to any subject, and retaining the literal idea more or less clearly, the precise meaning depending largely on the substantive. \ (superl.) Comprehensive; liberal; enlarged. \ (superl.) Plain; evident, a broad hint. \ (superl.) Free; unrestrained; unconfined. \ (superl.) Characterized by breadth. See Breadth. \ (superl.) Cross; coarse; indelicate, a broad compliment; a broad joke; broad humor. \ (superl.) Strongly marked, a broad Scotch accent. \ (n.) The broad part of anything, the broad of an oar. \ (n.) The spread of a river into a sheet of water; a flooded fen. \ (n.) A lathe tool for turning down the insides and bottoms of cylinders.
insert adviser (n.) One who advises.
insert sharp ad. having a thin edge or small point that can cut or hurt; causing hurt or pain \ (superl.) Having a very thin edge or fine point; of a nature to cut or pierce easily; not blunt or dull; keen. \ (superl.) Terminating in a point or edge; not obtuse or rounded; somewhat pointed or edged; peaked or ridged; as, a sharp hill; sharp features. \ (superl.) Affecting the sense as if pointed or cutting, keen, penetrating, acute: to the taste or smell, pungent, acid, sour, as ammonia has a sharp taste and odor; to the hearing, piercing, shrill, as a sharp sound or voice; to the eye, instantaneously brilliant, dazzling, as a sharp flash. \ (superl.) High in pitch; acute, a sharp note or tone. \ (superl.) Raised a semitone in pitch, C sharp (C/), which is a half step, or semitone, higher than C. \ (superl.) So high as to be out of tune, or above true pitch, the tone is sharp; that instrument is sharp. Opposed in all these senses to flat. \ (superl.) Very trying to the feelings; severe; painful; distressing, sharp pain, weather; a sharp and frosty air. \ (superl.) Cutting in language or import; biting; sarcastic; cruel; harsh; rigorous, a sharp rebuke. \ (superl.) Of keen perception; quick to discern or distinguish; having nice discrimination; sagacious; clever, a sharp eye; sharp sight, hearing, or judgment. \ (superl.) Eager in pursuit; keen in quest; impatient for gratification, a sharp appetite. \ (superl.) Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous. \ (superl.) Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interest; close and exact in dealing; shrewd, a sharp dealer; a sharp customer. \ (superl.) Composed of hard, angular grains; gritty, sharp sand. \ (superl.) Steep; precipitous; abrupt, a sharp ascent or descent; a sharp turn or curve. \ (superl.) Uttered in a whisper, or with the breath alone, without voice, as certain consonants, such as p, k, t, f; surd; nonvocal; aspirated. \ (adv.) To a point or edge; piercingly; eagerly; sharply. \ (adv.) Precisely; exactly, we shall start at ten o'clock sharp. \ (n.) A sharp tool or weapon. \ (n.) The character [/] used to indicate that the note before which it is placed is to be raised a half step, in pitch. \ (n.) A sharp tone or note. \ (n.) A portion of a stream where the water runs very rapidly. \ (n.) A sewing needle having a very slender point; a needle of the most pointed of the three grades, blunts, betweens, and sharps. \ (n.) Same as Middlings, 1. \ (n.) An expert. \ (v. t.) To sharpen. \ (v. t.) To raise above the proper pitch; to elevate the tone of; especially, to raise a half step, above the natural tone. \ (v. i.) To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper. \ (v. i.) To sing above the proper pitch.
insert fuel n. any substance burned to create heat or power \ (n.) Any matter used to produce heat by burning; that which feeds fire; combustible matter used for fires, as wood, coal, peat, etc. \ (n.) Anything that serves to feed or increase passion or excitement. \ (v. t.) To feed with fuel. \ (v. t.) To store or furnish with fuel or firing.
insert selfish (a.) Caring supremely or unduly for one's self; regarding one's own comfort, advantage, etc., in disregard, or at the expense, of those of others. \ (a.) Believing or teaching that the chief motives of human action are derived from love of self.
insert refuse v. to reject; to not accept, give or do something \ (v. t.) To deny, as a request, demand, invitation, or command; to decline to do or grant. \ (v. t.) To throw back, or cause to keep back (as the center, a wing, or a flank), out of the regular aligment when troops ar/ about to engage the enemy; as, to refuse the right wing while the left wing attacks. \ (v. t.) To decline to accept; to reject; to deny the request or petition of, to refuse a suitor. \ (v. t.) To disown. \ (v. i.) To deny compliance; not to comply. \ (n.) Refusal. \ (n.) That which is refused or rejected as useless; waste or worthless matter. \ (a.) Refused; rejected; hence; left as unworthy of acceptance; of no value; worthless.
insert lake n. a large area of fresh water surrounded by land \ (n.) A pigment formed by combining some coloring matter, usually by precipitation, with a metallic oxide or earth, esp. with aluminium hydrate; as, madder lake; Florentine lake; yellow lake, etc. \ (n.) A kind of fine white linen, formerly in use. \ (v. i.) To play; to sport. \ (n.) A large body of water contained in a depression of the earth's surface, and supplied from the drainage of a more or less extended area.
insert enter v. to come or go into \ (v. t.) To come or go into; to pass into the interior of; to pass within the outer cover or shell of; to penetrate; to pierce; as, to enter a house, a closet, a country, a door, etc.; the river enters the sea. \ (v. t.) To unite in; to join; to be admitted to; to become a member of, to enter an association, a college, an army. \ (v. t.) To engage in; to become occupied with, to enter the legal profession, the book trade, etc. \ (v. t.) To pass within the limits of; to attain; to begin; to commence upon, to enter one's teens, a new era, a new dispensation. \ (v. t.) To cause to go (into), or to be received (into); to put in; to insert; to cause to be admitted, to enter a knife into a piece of wood, a wedge into a log; to enter a boy at college, a horse for a race, etc. \ (v. t.) To inscribe; to enroll; to record, to enter a name, or a date, in a book, or a book in a catalogue; to enter the particulars of a sale in an account, a manifest of a ship or of merchandise at the customhouse. \ (v. t.) To go into or upon, as lands, and take actual possession of them. \ (v. t.) To place in regular form before the court, usually in writing; to put upon record in proper from and order, to enter a writ, appearance, rule, or judgment. \ (v. t.) To make report of (a vessel or her cargo) at the customhouse; to submit a statement of (imported goods), with the original invoices, to the proper officer of the customs for estimating the duties. See Entry, 4. \ (v. t.) To file or inscribe upon the records of the land office the required particulars concerning (a quantity of public land) in order to entitle a person to a right pf preemption. \ (v. t.) To deposit for copyright the title or description of (a book, picture, map, etc.), "entered according to act of Congress." \ (v. t.) To initiate; to introduce favorably. \ (v. i.) To go or come in; -- often with in used pleonastically; also; to take the first steps. \ (v. i.) To get admission; to introduce one's self; to form or constitute a part; to become a partaker or participant; to share; to engage; -- usually with into; sometimes with on or upon, a ball enters into the body; water enters into a ship; he enters into the plan; to enter into a quarrel; a merchant enters into partnership with some one; to enter upon another's land; the boy enters on his tenth year; to enter upon a task; lead enters into the composition of pewter. \ (v. i.) To penetrate mentally; to consider attentively; -- with into.
insert customer (n.) One who collect customs; a toll gatherer. \ (n.) One who regularly or repeatedly makes purchases of a trader; a purchaser; a buyer. \ (n.) A person with whom a business house has dealings; as, the customers of a bank. \ (n.) A peculiar person; -- in an indefinite sense, a queer customer; an ugly customer. \ (n.) A lewd woman.
insert nation n. a country, together with its social and political systems \ (n.) A part, or division, of the people of the earth, distinguished from the rest by common descent, language, or institutions; a race; a stock. \ (n.) The body of inhabitants of a country, united under an independent government of their own. \ (n.) Family; lineage. \ (n.) One of the divisions of university students in a classification according to nativity, formerly common in Europe. \ (n.) One of the four divisions (named from the parts of Scotland) in which students were classified according to their nativity. \ (n.) A great number; a great deal; -- by way of emphasis; as, a nation of herbs.
insert clock n. a device that measures and shows time \ (n.) A machine for measuring time, indicating the hour and other divisions by means of hands moving on a dial plate. Its works are moved by a weight or a spring, and it is often so constructed as to tell the hour by the stroke of a hammer on a bell. It is not adapted, like the watch, to be carried on the person. \ (n.) A watch, esp. one that strikes. \ (n.) The striking of a clock. \ (n.) A figure or figured work on the ankle or side of a stocking. \ (v. t.) To ornament with figured work, as the side of a stocking. \ (v. t. & i.) To call, as a hen. See Cluck. \ (n.) A large beetle, esp. the European dung beetle (Scarabaeus stercorarius).
insert target n. any person or object aimed at or fired at \ (n.) A kind of small shield or buckler, used as a defensive weapon in war. \ (n.) A butt or mark to shoot at, as for practice, or to test the accuracy of a firearm, or the force of a projectile. \ (n.) The pattern or arrangement of a series of hits made by a marksman on a butt or mark; as, he made a good target. \ (n.) The sliding crosspiece, or vane, on a leveling staff. \ (n.) A conspicuous disk attached to a switch lever to show its position, or for use as a signal. \ (n.) A thin cut; a slice; specif., of lamb, a piece consisting of the neck and breast joints. \ (n.) A tassel or pendent; also, a shred; tatter.
insert bank n. an organization that keeps and lends money \ (n.) A bench; a high seat, or seat of distinction or judgment; a tribunal or court. \ (n.) A mound, pile, or ridge of earth, raised above the surrounding level; hence, anything shaped like a mound or ridge of earth; as, a bank of clouds; a bank of snow. \ (n.) A steep acclivity, as the slope of a hill, or the side of a ravine. \ (n.) The margin of a watercourse; the rising ground bordering a lake, river, or sea, or forming the edge of a cutting, or other hollow. \ (n.) An elevation, or rising ground, under the sea; a shoal, shelf, or shallow, the banks of Newfoundland. \ (n.) The face of the coal at which miners are working. \ (n.) A deposit of ore or coal, worked by excavations above water level. \ (n.) The ground at the top of a shaft, ores are brought to bank. \ (v. t.) To raise a mound or dike about; to inclose, defend, or fortify with a bank; to embank. \ (v. t.) To heap or pile up, to bank sand. \ (v. t.) To pass by the banks of. \ (n.) A bench, as for rowers in a galley; also, a tier of oars. \ (n.) The bench or seat upon which the judges sit. \ (n.) The regular term of a court of law, or the full court sitting to hear arguments upon questions of law, as distinguished from a sitting at Nisi Prius, or a court held for jury trials. See Banc. \ (n.) A sort of table used by printers. \ (n.) A bench, or row of keys belonging to a keyboard, as in an organ. \ (n.) An establishment for the custody, loan, exchange, or issue, of money, and for facilitating the transmission of funds by drafts or bills of exchange; an institution incorporated for performing one or more of such functions, or the stockholders (or their representatives, the directors), acting in their corporate capacity. \ (n.) The building or office used for banking purposes. \ (n.) A fund from deposits or contributions, to be used in transacting business; a joint stock or capital. \ (n.) The sum of money or the checks which the dealer or banker has as a fund, from which to draw his stakes and pay his losses. \ (n.) In certain games, as dominos, a fund of pieces from which the players are allowed to draw. \ (v. t.) To deposit in a bank. \ (v. i.) To keep a bank; to carry on the business of a banker. \ (v. i.) To deposit money in a bank; to have an account with a banker. \ (n.) A group or series of objects arranged near together, a bank of electric lamps, etc. \ (n.) The lateral inclination of an aeroplane as it rounds a curve, a bank of 45! is easy; a bank of 90! is dangerous. \ (v. i.) To tilt sidewise in rounding a curve; -- said of a flying machine, an aerocurve, or the like.
insert pipe n. a long, round piece of material used to move liquid or gas \ (n.) A wind instrument of music, consisting of a tube or tubes of straw, reed, wood, or metal; any tube which produces musical sounds; as, a shepherd's pipe; the pipe of an organ. \ (n.) Any long tube or hollow body of wood, metal, earthenware, or the like: especially, one used as a conductor of water, steam, gas, etc. \ (n.) A small bowl with a hollow steam, -- used in smoking tobacco, and, sometimes, other substances. \ (n.) A passageway for the air in speaking and breathing; the windpipe, or one of its divisions. \ (n.) The key or sound of the voice. \ (n.) The peeping whistle, call, or note of a bird. \ (n.) The bagpipe, the pipes of Lucknow. \ (n.) An elongated body or vein of ore. \ (n.) A roll formerly used in the English exchequer, otherwise called the Great Roll, on which were taken down the accounts of debts to the king; -- so called because put together like a pipe. \ (n.) A boatswain's whistle, used to call the crew to their duties; also, the sound of it. \ (n.) A cask usually containing two hogsheads, or 126 wine gallons, the quantity which it contains. \ (v. i.) To play on a pipe, fife, flute, or other tubular wind instrument of music. \ (v. i.) To call, convey orders, etc., by means of signals on a pipe or whistle carried by a boatswain. \ (v. i.) To emit or have a shrill sound like that of a pipe; to whistle. \ (v. i.) To become hollow in the process of solodifying; -- said of an ingot, as of steel. \ (v. t.) To perform, as a tune, by playing on a pipe; to utter in the shrill tone of a pipe. \ (v. t.) To call or direct, as a crew, by the boatswain's whistle. \ (v. t.) To furnish or equip with pipes, to pipe an engine, or a building.
insert tell v. to give information; to make known by speaking; to order; to command \ (v. t.) To mention one by one, or piece by piece; to recount; to enumerate; to reckon; to number; to count; as, to tell money. \ (v. t.) To utter or recite in detail; to give an account of; to narrate. \ (v. t.) To make known; to publish; to disclose; to divulge. \ (v. t.) To give instruction to; to make report to; to acquaint; to teach; to inform. \ (v. t.) To order; to request; to command. \ (v. t.) To discern so as to report; to ascertain by observing; to find out; to discover, I can not tell where one color ends and the other begins. \ (v. t.) To make account of; to regard; to value; to estimate. \ (v. i.) To give an account; to make report. \ (v. i.) To take effect; to produce a marked effect, every shot tells; every expression tells. \ (n.) That which is told; tale; account. \ (n.) A hill or mound.
insert employ v. to give work in return for wages \ (v. t.) To inclose; to infold. \ (v. t.) To use; to have in service; to cause to be engaged in doing something; -- often followed by in, about, on, or upon, and sometimes by to; as: (a) To make use of, as an instrument, a means, a material, etc., for a specific purpose; to apply; as, to employ the pen in writing, bricks in building, words and phrases in speaking; to employ the mind; to employ one's energies. \ (v. t.) To occupy, to employ time in study. \ (v. t.) To have or keep at work; to give employment or occupation to; to intrust with some duty or behest, to employ a hundred workmen; to employ an envoy. \ (n.) That which engages or occupies a person; fixed or regular service or business; employment.
insert horse n. a large animal often used for racing, riding or farm work \ (n.) A hoofed quadruped of the genus Equus; especially, the domestic horse (E. caballus), which was domesticated in Egypt and Asia at a very early period. It has six broad molars, on each side of each jaw, with six incisors, and two canine teeth, both above and below. The mares usually have the canine teeth rudimentary or wanting. The horse differs from the true asses, in having a long, flowing mane, and the tail bushy to the base. Unlike the asses it has callosities, or chestnuts, on all its legs. The horse excels in strength, speed, docility, courage, and nobleness of character, and is used for drawing, carrying, bearing a rider, and like purposes. \ (n.) The male of the genus horse, in distinction from the female or male; usually, a castrated male. \ (n.) Mounted soldiery; cavalry; -- used without the plural termination; as, a regiment of horse; -- distinguished from foot. \ (n.) A frame with legs, used to support something, a clotheshorse, a sawhorse, etc. \ (n.) A frame of timber, shaped like a horse, on which soldiers were made to ride for punishment. \ (n.) Anything, actual or figurative, on which one rides as on a horse; a hobby. \ (n.) A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse -- said of a vein -- is to divide into branches for a distance. \ (n.) See Footrope, a. \ (a.) A breastband for a leadsman. \ (a.) An iron bar for a sheet traveler to slide upon. \ (a.) A jackstay. \ (v. t.) To provide with a horse, or with horses; to mount on, or as on, a horse. \ (v. t.) To sit astride of; to bestride. \ (v. t.) To cover, as a mare; -- said of the male. \ (v. t.) To take or carry on the back, the keeper, horsing a deer. \ (v. t.) To place on the back of another, or on a wooden horse, etc., to be flogged; to subject to such punishment. \ (v. i.) To get on horseback. \ (n.) A translation or other illegitimate aid in study or examination; -- called also trot, pony, Dobbin. \ (n.) Horseplay; tomfoolery.
insert chalk (n.) A soft, earthy substance, of a white, grayish, or yellowish white color, consisting of calcium carbonate, and having the same composition as common limestone. \ (n.) Finely prepared chalk, used as a drawing implement; also, by extension, a compound, as of clay and black lead, or the like, used in the same manner. See Crayon. \ (v. t.) To rub or mark with chalk. \ (v. t.) To manure with chalk, as land. \ (v. t.) To make white, as with chalk; to make pale; to bleach.
insert sister n. a female with the same father or mother as another person \ (n.) A female who has the same parents with another person, or who has one of them only. In the latter case, she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother. \ (n.) A woman who is closely allied to, or assocciated with, another person, as in the sdame faith, society, order, or community. \ (n.) One of the same kind, or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as, sister fruits. \ (v. t.) To be sister to; to resemble closely.
insert standard (n.) A flag; colors; a banner; especially, a national or other ensign. \ (n.) That which is established by authority as a rule for the measure of quantity, extent, value, or quality; esp., the original specimen weight or measure sanctioned by government, as the standard pound, gallon, or yard. \ (n.) That which is established as a rule or model by authority, custom, or general consent; criterion; test. \ (n.) The proportion of weights of fine metal and alloy established by authority. \ (n.) A tree of natural size supported by its own stem, and not dwarfed by grafting on the stock of a smaller species nor trained upon a wall or trellis. \ (n.) The upper petal or banner of a papilionaceous corolla. \ (n.) An upright support, as one of the poles of a scaffold; any upright in framing. \ (n.) An inverted knee timber placed upon the deck instead of beneath it, with its vertical branch turned upward from that which lies horizontally. \ (n.) The sheth of a plow. \ (n.) A large drinking cup. \ (a.) Being, affording, or according with, a standard for comparison and judgment; as, standard time; standard weights and measures; a standard authority as to nautical terms; standard gold or silver. \ (a.) Hence: Having a recognized and permanent value, standard works in history; standard authors. \ (a.) Not supported by, or fastened to, a wall, standard fruit trees. \ (a.) Not of the dwarf kind, a standard pear tree.
insert loyalty (n.) The state or quality of being loyal; fidelity to a superior, or to duty, love, etc.
insert farm n. land used to grow crops and animals for food \ (a. & n.) The rent of land, -- originally paid by reservation of part of its products. \ (a. & n.) The term or tenure of a lease of land for cultivation; a leasehold. \ (a. & n.) The land held under lease and by payment of rent for the purpose of cultivation. \ (a. & n.) Any tract of land devoted to agricultural purposes, under the management of a tenant or the owner. \ (a. & n.) A district of country leased (or farmed) out for the collection of the revenues of government. \ (a. & n.) A lease of the imposts on particular goods; as, the sugar farm, the silk farm. \ (v. t.) To lease or let for an equivalent, as land for a rent; to yield the use of to proceeds. \ (v. t.) To give up to another, as an estate, a business, the revenue, etc., on condition of receiving in return a percentage of what it yields, to farm the taxes. \ (v. t.) To take at a certain rent or rate. \ (v. t.) To devote (land) to agriculture; to cultivate, as land; to till, as a farm. \ (v. i.) To engage in the business of tilling the soil; to labor as a farmer.
insert campus (n.) The principal grounds of a college or school, between the buildings or within the main inclosure; as, the college campus.
insert quietly (adv.) In a quiet state or manner; without motion; in a state of rest; as, to lie or sit quietly. \ (adv.) Without tumult, alarm, dispute, or disturbance; peaceably, to live quietly; to sleep quietly. \ (adv.) Calmly, without agitation or violent emotion; patiently, to submit quietly to unavoidable evils. \ (adv.) Noiselessly; silently; without remark or violent movement; in a manner to attract little or no observation, he quietly left the room.
insert mask (n.) A cover, or partial cover, for the face, used for disguise or protection; as, a dancer's mask; a fencer's mask; a ball player's mask. \ (n.) That which disguises; a pretext or subterfuge. \ (n.) A festive entertainment of dancing or other diversions, where all wear masks; a masquerade; hence, a revel; a frolic; a delusive show. \ (n.) A dramatic performance, formerly in vogue, in which the actors wore masks and represented mythical or allegorical characters. \ (n.) A grotesque head or face, used to adorn keystones and other prominent parts, to spout water in fountains, and the like; -- called also mascaron. \ (n.) In a permanent fortification, a redoubt which protects the caponiere. \ (n.) A screen for a battery. \ (n.) The lower lip of the larva of a dragon fly, modified so as to form a prehensile organ. \ (v. t.) To cover, as the face, by way of concealment or defense against injury; to conceal with a mask or visor. \ (v. t.) To disguise; to cover; to hide. \ (v. t.) To conceal; also, to intervene in the line of. \ (v. t.) To cover or keep in check, to mask a body of troops or a fortess by a superior force, while some hostile evolution is being carried out. \ (v. i.) To take part as a masker in a masquerade. \ (v. i.) To wear a mask; to be disguised in any way. \ (n.) A person wearing a mask; a masker. \ (n.) The head or face of a fox.
insert toe (n.) One of the terminal members, or digits, of the foot of a man or an animal. \ (n.) The fore part of the hoof or foot of an animal. \ (n.) Anything, or any part, corresponding to the toe of the foot; as, the toe of a boot; the toe of a skate. \ (n.) The journal, or pivot, at the lower end of a revolving shaft or spindle, which rests in a step. \ (n.) A lateral projection at one end, or between the ends, of a piece, as a rod or bolt, by means of which it is moved. \ (n.) A projection from the periphery of a revolving piece, acting as a cam to lift another piece. \ (v. t.) To touch or reach with the toes; to come fully up to, to toe the mark. \ (v. i.) To hold or carry the toes (in a certain way).
insert sausage (n.) An article of food consisting of meat (esp. pork) minced and highly seasoned, and inclosed in a cylindrical case or skin usually made of the prepared intestine of some animal. \ (n.) A saucisson. See Saucisson.
insert planet n. a large object in space that orbits the sun ("Earth is a planet.") \ (n.) A celestial body which revolves about the sun in an orbit of a moderate degree of eccentricity. It is distinguished from a comet by the absence of a coma, and by having a less eccentric orbit. See Solar system. \ (n.) A star, as influencing the fate of a men.
insert risk n. the chance of loss, damage or injury \ (n.) Hazard; danger; peril; exposure to loss, injury, or destruction. \ (n.) Hazard of loss; liabillity to loss in property. \ (n.) To expose to risk, hazard, or peril; to venture; as, to risk goods on board of a ship; to risk one's person in battle; to risk one's fame by a publication. \ (n.) To incur the risk or danger of, to risk a battle.
insert separate v. to set or keep people, things or ideas away from or independent from others; ad. not together or connected; different \ (v. t.) To disunite; to divide; to disconnect; to sever; to part in any manner. \ (v. t.) To come between; to keep apart by occupying the space between; to lie between; as, the Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Africa. \ (v. t.) To set apart; to select from among others, as for a special use or service. \ (v. i.) To part; to become disunited; to be disconnected; to withdraw from one another, the family separated. \ (p. a.) Divided from another or others; disjoined; disconnected; separated; -- said of things once connected. \ (p. a.) Unconnected; not united or associated; distinct; -- said of things that have not been connected. \ (p. a.) Disunited from the body; disembodied, a separate spirit; the separate state of souls.
insert peace n. the condition of freedom from war, fighting or noise; rest; quiet \ (v.) A state of quiet or tranquillity; freedom from disturbance or agitation; calm; repose \ (v.) Exemption from, or cessation of, war with public enemies. \ (v.) Public quiet, order, and contentment in obedience to law. \ (v.) Exemption from, or subjection of, agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience. \ (v.) Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord. \ (v. t. & i.) To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
insert stress (n.) Distress. \ (n.) Pressure, strain; -- used chiefly of immaterial things; except in mechanics; hence, urgency; importance; weight; significance. \ (n.) The force, or combination of forces, which produces a strain; force exerted in any direction or manner between contiguous bodies, or parts of bodies, and taking specific names according to its direction, or mode of action, as thrust or pressure, pull or tension, shear or tangential stress. \ (n.) Force of utterance expended upon words or syllables. Stress is in English the chief element in accent and is one of the most important in emphasis. See Guide to pronunciation, // 31-35. \ (n.) Distress; the act of distraining; also, the thing distrained. \ (v. t.) To press; to urge; to distress; to put to difficulties. \ (v. t.) To subject to stress, pressure, or strain. \ (v. t.) To subject to phonetic stress; to accent. \ (v. t.) To place emphasis on; to make emphatic; emphasize.
insert companion (n.) One who accompanies or is in company with another for a longer or shorter period, either from choice or casually; one who is much in the company of, or is associated with, another or others; an associate; a comrade; a consort; a partner. \ (n.) A knight of the lowest rank in certain orders; as, a companion of the Bath. \ (n.) A fellow; -- in contempt. \ (n.) A skylight on an upper deck with frames and sashes of various shapes, to admit light to a cabin or lower deck. \ (n.) A wooden hood or penthouse covering the companion way; a companion hatch. \ (v. t.) To be a companion to; to attend on; to accompany. \ (v. t.) To qualify as a companion; to make equal.
insert polite (v.) Smooth; polished. \ (v.) Smooth and refined in behavior or manners; well bred; courteous; complaisant; obliging; civil. \ (v.) Characterized by refinement, or a high degree of finish; as, polite literature. \ (v. t.) To polish; to refine; to render polite.
insert claim v. to say something as a fact \ (v./.) To ask for, or seek to obtain, by virtue of authority, right, or supposed right; to challenge as a right; to demand as due. \ (v./.) To proclaim. \ (v./.) To call or name. \ (v./.) To assert; to maintain. \ (v. i.) To be entitled to anything; to deduce a right or title; to have a claim. \ (n.) A demand of a right or supposed right; a calling on another for something due or supposed to be due; an assertion of a right or fact. \ (n.) A right to claim or demand something; a title to any debt, privilege, or other thing in possession of another; also, a title to anything which another should give or concede to, or confer on, the claimant. \ (n.) The thing claimed or demanded; that (as land) to which any one intends to establish a right; as a settler's claim; a miner's claim. \ (n.) A loud call.
insert professional (a.) Of or pertaining to a profession, or calling; conforming to the rules or standards of a profession; following a profession; as, professional knowledge; professional conduct. \ (a.) Engaged in by professionals, a professional race; -- opposed to amateur. \ (n.) A person who prosecutes anything professionally, or for a livelihood, and not in the character of an amateur; a professional worker.
insert license (n.) Authority or liberty given to do or forbear any act; especially, a formal permission from the proper authorities to perform certain acts or to carry on a certain business, which without such permission would be illegal; a grant of permission; as, a license to preach, to practice medicine, to sell gunpowder or intoxicating liquors. \ (n.) The document granting such permission. \ (n.) Excess of liberty; freedom abused, or used in contempt of law or decorum; disregard of law or propriety. \ (n.) That deviation from strict fact, form, or rule, in which an artist or writer indulges, assuming that it will be permitted for the sake of the advantage or effect gained, poetic license; grammatical license, etc. \ (v. t.) To permit or authorize by license; to give license to, to license a man to preach.
insert breed (v. t.) To produce as offspring; to bring forth; to bear; to procreate; to generate; to beget; to hatch. \ (v. t.) To take care of in infancy, and through the age of youth; to bring up; to nurse and foster. \ (v. t.) To educate; to instruct; to form by education; to train; -- sometimes followed by up. \ (v. t.) To engender; to cause; to occasion; to originate; to produce; as, to breed a storm; to breed disease. \ (v. t.) To give birth to; to be the native place of, a pond breeds fish; a northern country breeds stout men. \ (v. t.) To raise, as any kind of stock. \ (v. t.) To produce or obtain by any natural process. \ (v. i.) To bear and nourish young; to reproduce or multiply itself; to be pregnant. \ (v. i.) To be formed in the parent or dam; to be generated, or to grow, as young before birth. \ (v. i.) To have birth; to be produced or multiplied. \ (v. i.) To raise a breed; to get progeny. \ (n.) A race or variety of men or other animals (or of plants), perpetuating its special or distinctive characteristics by inheritance. \ (n.) Class; sort; kind; -- of men, things, or qualities. \ (n.) A number produced at once; a brood.
insert education n. the act of teaching \ (n.) The act or process of educating; the result of educating, as determined by the knowledge skill, or discipline of character, acquired; also, the act or process of training by a prescribed or customary course of study or discipline; as, an education for the bar or the pulpit; he has finished his education.
insert relate (v. t.) To bring back; to restore. \ (v. t.) To refer; to ascribe, as to a source. \ (v. t.) To recount; to narrate; to tell over. \ (v. t.) To ally by connection or kindred. \ (v. i.) To stand in some relation; to have bearing or concern; to pertain; to refer; -- with to. \ (v. i.) To make reference; to take account.
insert before prep. earlier \ (prep.) In front of; preceding in space; ahead of; as, to stand before the fire; before the house. \ (prep.) Preceding in time; earlier than; previously to; anterior to the time when; -- sometimes with the additional idea of purpose; in order that. \ (prep.) An advance of; farther onward, in place or time. \ (prep.) Prior or preceding in dignity, order, rank, right, or worth; rather than. \ (prep.) In presence or sight of; face to face with; facing. \ (prep.) Under the cognizance or jurisdiction of. \ (prep.) Open for; free of access to; in the power of. \ (adv.) On the fore part; in front, or in the direction of the front; -- opposed to in the rear. \ (adv.) In advance. \ (adv.) In time past; previously; already. \ (adv.) Earlier; sooner than; until then.
insert alone ad. separated from others \ (a.) Quite by one's self; apart from, or exclusive of, others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing. \ (a.) Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only. \ (a.) Sole; only; exclusive. \ (a.) Hence; Unique; rare; matchless. \ (adv.) Solely; simply; exclusively.
insert spoken (p. p.) of Speak \ (a.) Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as, a spoken narrative; the spoken word. \ (a.) Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition, a pleasant-spoken man.
insert sofa (n.) A long seat, usually with a cushioned bottom, back, and ends; -- much used as a comfortable piece of furniture.
insert northern (a.) Of or pertaining to the north; being in the north, or nearer to that point than to the east or west. \ (a.) In a direction toward the north; as, to steer a northern course; coming from the north, a northern wind.
insert balance v. to make two sides or forces equal \ (n.) An apparatus for weighing. \ (n.) Act of weighing mentally; comparison; estimate. \ (n.) Equipoise between the weights in opposite scales. \ (n.) The state of being in equipoise; equilibrium; even adjustment; steadiness. \ (n.) An equality between the sums total of the two sides of an account; as, to bring one's accounts to a balance; -- also, the excess on either side, the balance of an account. \ (n.) A balance wheel, as of a watch, or clock. See Balance wheel (in the Vocabulary). \ (n.) The constellation Libra. \ (n.) The seventh sign in the Zodiac, called Libra, which the sun enters at the equinox in September. \ (n.) A movement in dancing. See Balance, v. i., S. \ (n.) To bring to an equipoise, as the scales of a balance by adjusting the weights; to weigh in a balance. \ (n.) To support on a narrow base, so as to keep from falling, to balance a plate on the end of a cane; to balance one's self on a tight rope. \ (n.) To equal in number, weight, force, or proportion; to counterpoise, counterbalance, counteract, or neutralize. \ (n.) To compare in relative force, importance, value, etc.; to estimate. \ (n.) To settle and adjust, as an account; to make two accounts equal by paying the difference between them. \ (n.) To make the sums of the debits and credits of an account equal; -- said of an item, this payment, or credit, balances the account. \ (n.) To arrange accounts in such a way that the sum total of the debits is equal to the sum total of the credits, to balance a set of books. \ (n.) To move toward, and then back from, reciprocally, to balance partners. \ (n.) To contract, as a sail, into a narrower compass, to balance the boom mainsail. \ (v. i.) To have equal weight on each side; to be in equipoise, the scales balance. \ (v. i.) To fluctuate between motives which appear of equal force; to waver; to hesitate. \ (v. i.) To move toward a person or couple, and then back.
insert oneself (pron.) A reflexive form of the indefinite pronoun one. Commonly writen as two words, one's self.
insert button (n.) A knob; a small ball; a small, roundish mass. \ (n.) A catch, of various forms and materials, used to fasten together the different parts of dress, by being attached to one part, and passing through a slit, called a buttonhole, in the other; -- used also for ornament. \ (n.) A bud; a germ of a plant. \ (n.) A piece of wood or metal, usually flat and elongated, turning on a nail or screw, to fasten something, as a door. \ (n.) A globule of metal remaining on an assay cupel or in a crucible, after fusion. \ (n.) To fasten with a button or buttons; to inclose or make secure with buttons; -- often followed by up. \ (n.) To dress or clothe. \ (v. i.) To be fastened by a button or buttons; as, the coat will not button. \ Alt. of evil
insert engineering (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Engineer \ (n.) Originally, the art of managing engines; in its modern and extended sense, the art and science by which the mechanical properties of matter are made useful to man in structures and machines; the occupation and work of an engineer.
insert ignore (v. t.) To be ignorant of or not acquainted with. \ (v. t.) To throw out or reject as false or ungrounded; -- said of a bill rejected by a grand jury for want of evidence. See Ignoramus. \ (v. t.) Hence: To refuse to take notice of; to shut the eyes to; not to recognize; to disregard willfully and causelessly; as, to ignore certain facts; to ignore the presence of an objectionable person.
insert railway (n.) A road or way consisting of one or more parallel series of iron or steel rails, patterned and adjusted to be tracks for the wheels of vehicles, and suitably supported on a bed or substructure. \ (n.) The road, track, etc., with all the lands, buildings, rolling stock, franchises, pertaining to them and constituting one property; as, a certain railroad has been put into the hands of a receiver.
insert lord (n.) A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively. \ (n.) One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor, as of a manor. \ (n.) A titled nobleman., whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop, as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis, or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense, a boron, as opposed to noblemen of higher rank. \ (n.) A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also, for honor, on certain official persons; as, lord advocate, lord chamberlain, lord chancellor, lord chief justice, etc. \ (n.) A husband. \ (n.) One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land, the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor. \ (n.) The Supreme Being; Jehovah. \ (n.) The Savior; Jesus Christ. \ (v. t.) To invest with the dignity, power, and privileges of a lord. \ (v. t.) To rule or preside over as a lord. \ (v. i.) To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
insert lightning n. light produced by electricity in the air, usually during a storm \ (n.) A discharge of atmospheric electricity, accompanied by a vivid flash of light, commonly from one cloud to another, sometimes from a cloud to the earth. The sound produced by the electricity in passing rapidly through the atmosphere constitutes thunder. \ (n.) The act of making bright, or the state of being made bright; enlightenment; brightening, as of the mental powers. \ (vb. n.) Lightening.
insert immediate ad. without delay; very near in time or place \ (a.) Not separated in respect to place by anything intervening; proximate; close; as, immediate contact. \ (a.) Not deferred by an interval of time; present; instant. \ (a.) Acting with nothing interposed or between, or without the intervention of another object as a cause, means, or agency; acting, perceived, or produced, directly, an immediate cause.
insert strange ad. unusual; not normal; not known \ (superl.) Belonging to another country; foreign. \ (superl.) Of or pertaining to others; not one's own; not pertaining to one's self; not domestic. \ (superl.) Not before known, heard, or seen; new. \ (superl.) Not according to the common way; novel; odd; unusual; irregular; extraordinary; unnatural; queer. \ (superl.) Reserved; distant in deportment. \ (superl.) Backward; slow. \ (superl.) Not familiar; unaccustomed; inexperienced. \ (adv.) Strangely. \ (v. t.) To alienate; to estrange. \ (v. i.) To be estranged or alienated. \ (v. i.) To wonder; to be astonished.
insert treat v. to deal with; to act toward in a special way; to try to cure \ (v. t.) To handle; to manage; to use; to bear one's self toward; as, to treat prisoners cruelly; to treat children kindly. \ (v. t.) To discourse on; to handle in a particular manner, in writing or speaking, to treat a subject diffusely. \ (v. t.) To entertain with food or drink, especially the latter, as a compliment, or as an expression of friendship or regard, to treat the whole company. \ (v. t.) To negotiate; to settle; to make terms for. \ (v. t.) To care for medicinally or surgically; to manage in the use of remedies or appliances, to treat a disease, a wound, or a patient. \ (v. t.) To subject to some action; to apply something to, to treat a substance with sulphuric acid. \ (v. t.) To entreat; to beseech. \ (v. i.) To discourse; to handle a subject in writing or speaking; to make discussion; -- usually with of, Cicero treats of old age and of duties. \ (v. i.) To negotiate; to come to terms of accommodation; -- often followed by with, envoys were appointed to treat with France. \ (v. i.) To give a gratuitous entertainment, esp. of food or drink, as a compliment. \ (n.) A parley; a conference. \ (n.) An entertainment given as an expression of regard. \ (n.) That which affords entertainment; a gratification; a satisfaction, the concert was a rich treat.
insert due (a.) Owed, as a debt; that ought to be paid or done to or for another; payable; owing and demandable. \ (a.) Justly claimed as a right or property; proper; suitable; becoming; appropriate; fit. \ (a.) Such as (a thing) ought to be; fulfilling obligation; lawful; regular; appointed; sufficient; exact; as, due process of law; due service; in due time. \ (a.) Appointed or required to arrive at a given time, the steamer was due yesterday. \ (a.) Owing; ascribable, as to a cause. \ (adv.) Directly; exactly, a due east course. \ (n.) That which is owed; debt; that which one contracts to pay, or do, to or for another; that which belongs or may be claimed as a right; whatever custom, law, or morality requires to be done; a fee; a toll. \ (n.) Right; just title or claim. \ (v. t.) To endue.
insert skill n. the ability gained from training or experience \ (n.) Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause. \ (n.) Knowledge; understanding. \ (n.) The familiar knowledge of any art or science, united with readiness and dexterity in execution or performance, or in the application of the art or science to practical purposes; power to discern and execute; ability to perceive and perform; expertness; aptitude; as, the skill of a mathematician, physician, surgeon, mechanic, etc. \ (n.) Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address. \ (n.) Any particular art. \ (v. t.) To know; to understand. \ (v. i.) To be knowing; to have understanding; to be dexterous in performance. \ (v. i.) To make a difference; to signify; to matter; -- used impersonally.
insert how ad. in what way; to what amount \ (adv.) In what manner or way; by what means or process. \ (adv.) To what degree or extent, number or amount; in what proportion; by what measure or quality. \ (adv.) For what reason; from what cause. \ (adv.) In what state, condition, or plight. \ (adv.) By what name, designation, or title. \ (adv.) At what price; how dear.
insert November (n.) The eleventh month of the year, containing thirty days.
insert funeral n. a ceremony held in connection with the burial or burning of the dead \ (n.) The solemn rites used in the disposition of a dead human body, whether such disposition be by interment, burning, or otherwise; esp., the ceremony or solemnization of interment; obsequies; burial; -- formerly used in the plural. \ (n.) The procession attending the burial of the dead; the show and accompaniments of an interment. \ (n.) A funeral sermon; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) Per. taining to a funeral; used at the interment of the dead; as, funeral rites, honors, or ceremonies.
insert except prep. but for \ (v. t.) To take or leave out (anything) from a number or a whole as not belonging to it; to exclude; to omit. \ (v. t.) To object to; to protest against. \ (v. i.) To take exception; to object; -- usually followed by to, sometimes by against; as, to except to a witness or his testimony. \ (prep.) With exclusion of; leaving or left out; excepting. \ (conj.) Unless; if it be not so that.
insert fence n. something around an area of land to keep animals or people in or out \ (n.) That which fends off attack or danger; a defense; a protection; a cover; security; shield. \ (n.) An inclosure about a field or other space, or about any object; especially, an inclosing structure of wood, iron, or other material, intended to prevent intrusion from without or straying from within. \ (n.) A projection on the bolt, which passes through the tumbler gates in locking and unlocking. \ (n.) Self-defense by the use of the sword; the art and practice of fencing and sword play; hence, skill in debate and repartee. See Fencing. \ (n.) A receiver of stolen goods, or a place where they are received. \ (v. t.) To fend off danger from; to give security to; to protect; to guard. \ (v. t.) To inclose with a fence or other protection; to secure by an inclosure. \ (v. i.) To make a defense; to guard one's self of anything, as against an attack; to give protection or security, as by a fence. \ (v. i.) To practice the art of attack and defense with the sword or with the foil, esp. with the smallsword, using the point only. \ (v. i.) Hence, to fight or dispute in the manner of fencers, that is, by thrusting, guarding, parrying, etc.
insert connect v. to join one thing to another; to unite; to link \ (v. t.) To join, or fasten together, as by something intervening; to associate; to combine; to unite or link together; to establish a bond or relation between. \ (v. t.) To associate (a person or thing, or one's self) with another person, thing, business, or affair. \ (v. i.) To join, unite, or cohere; to have a close relation; as, one line of railroad connects with another; one argument connect with another.
insert cage (n.) A box or inclosure, wholly or partly of openwork, in wood or metal, used for confining birds or other animals. \ (n.) A place of confinement for malefactors \ (n.) An outer framework of timber, inclosing something within it; as, the cage of a staircase. \ (n.) A skeleton frame to limit the motion of a loose piece, as a ball valve. \ (n.) A wirework strainer, used in connection with pumps and pipes. \ (n.) The box, bucket, or inclosed platform of a lift or elevator; a cagelike structure moving in a shaft. \ (n.) The drum on which the rope is wound in a hoisting whim. \ (n.) The catcher's wire mask. \ (v. i.) To confine in, or as in, a cage; to shut up or confine.
insert ink (n.) The step, or socket, in which the lower end of a millstone spindle runs. \ (n.) A fluid, or a viscous material or preparation of various kinds (commonly black or colored), used in writing or printing. \ (n.) A pigment. See India ink, under India. \ (v. t.) To put ink upon; to supply with ink; to blacken, color, or daub with ink.
insert refrigerator (n.) That which refrigerates or makes cold; that which keeps cool. \ (n.) A box or room for keeping food or other articles cool, usually by means of ice. \ (n.) An apparatus for rapidly cooling heated liquids or vapors, connected with a still, etc.
insert impress (v. t.) To press, stamp, or print something in or upon; to mark by pressure, or as by pressure; to imprint (that which bears the impression). \ (v. t.) To produce by pressure, as a mark, image, etc.; to imprint (a mark or figure upon something). \ (v. t.) Fig.: To fix deeply in the mind; to present forcibly to the attention; to imprint; to inculcate. \ (n.) To take by force for public service; as, to impress sailors or money. \ (v. i.) To be impressed; to rest. \ (n.) The act of impressing or making. \ (n.) A mark made by pressure; an indentation; imprint; the image or figure of anything, formed by pressure or as if by pressure; result produced by pressure or influence. \ (n.) Characteristic; mark of distinction; stamp. \ (n.) A device. See Impresa. \ (n.) The act of impressing, or taking by force for the public service; compulsion to serve; also, that which is impressed.
insert sailor n. a person involved in sailing a boat or ship \ (n.) One who follows the business of navigating ships or other vessels; one who understands the practical management of ships; one of the crew of a vessel; a mariner; a common seaman.
insert soup (n.) A liquid food of many kinds, usually made by boiling meat and vegetables, or either of them, in water, -- commonly seasoned or flavored; strong broth. \ (v. t.) To sup or swallow. \ (v. t.) To breathe out. \ (v. t.) To sweep. See Sweep, and Swoop.
insert cross v. to go from one side to another; to go across
insert think v. to produce thoughts; to form ideas in the mind; to consider; to believe \ (v. t.) To seem or appear; -- used chiefly in the expressions methinketh or methinks, and methought. \ (v. t.) To employ any of the intellectual powers except that of simple perception through the senses; to exercise the higher intellectual faculties. \ (v. t.) To call anything to mind; to remember; as, I would have sent the books, but I did not think of it. \ (v. t.) To reflect upon any subject; to muse; to meditate; to ponder; to deliberate. \ (v. t.) To form an opinion by reasoning; to judge; to conclude; to believe, I think it will rain to-morrow. \ (v. t.) To purpose; to intend; to design; to mean. \ (v. t.) To presume; to venture. \ (v. t.) To conceive; to imagine. \ (v. t.) To plan or design; to plot; to compass. \ (v. t.) To believe; to esteem. \ (n.) Act of thinking; a thought.
insert jewel n. a valuable stone, such as a diamond or emerald \ (n.) An ornament of dress usually made of a precious metal, and having enamel or precious stones as a part of its design. \ (n.) A precious stone; a gem. \ (n.) An object regarded with special affection; a precious thing. \ (n.) A bearing for a pivot a pivot in a watch, formed of a crystal or precious stone, as a ruby. \ (v. t.) To dress, adorn, deck, or supply with jewels, as a dress, a sword hilt, or a watch; to bespangle, as with jewels.
insert appeal v. to take to a higher court, person or group for a decision; to call on somebody for help \ (v. t.) To make application for the removal of (a cause) from an inferior to a superior judge or court for a rehearing or review on account of alleged injustice or illegality in the trial below. We say, the cause was appealed from an inferior court. \ (v. t.) To charge with a crime; to accuse; to institute a private criminal prosecution against for some heinous crime; as, to appeal a person of felony. \ (v. t.) To summon; to challenge. \ (v. t.) To invoke. \ (v. t.) To apply for the removal of a cause from an inferior to a superior judge or court for the purpose of reexamination of for decision. \ (v. t.) To call upon another to decide a question controverted, to corroborate a statement, to vindicate one's rights, etc., I appeal to all mankind for the truth of what is alleged. Hence: To call on one for aid; to make earnest request. \ (v. t.) An application for the removal of a cause or suit from an inferior to a superior judge or court for reexamination or review. \ (v. t.) The mode of proceeding by which such removal is effected. \ (v. t.) The right of appeal. \ (v. t.) An accusation; a process which formerly might be instituted by one private person against another for some heinous crime demanding punishment for the particular injury suffered, rather than for the offense against the public. \ (v. t.) An accusation of a felon at common law by one of his accomplices, which accomplice was then called an approver. See Approvement. \ (v. t.) A summons to answer to a charge. \ (v. t.) A call upon a person or an authority for proof or decision, in one's favor; reference to another as witness; a call for help or a favor; entreaty. \ (v. t.) Resort to physical means; recourse.
insert search v. to look for carefully \ (v. t.) To look over or through, for the purpose of finding something; to examine; to explore; as, to search the city. \ (v. t.) To inquire after; to look for; to seek. \ (v. t.) To examine or explore by feeling with an instrument; to probe, to search a wound. \ (v. t.) To examine; to try; to put to the test. \ (v. i.) To seek; to look for something; to make inquiry, exploration, or examination; to hunt. \ (v. t.) The act of seeking or looking for something; quest; inquiry; pursuit for finding something; examination.
insert nurse (n.) One who nourishes; a person who supplies food, tends, or brings up; as: (a) A woman who has the care of young children; especially, one who suckles an infant not her own. (b) A person, especially a woman, who has the care of the sick or infirm. \ (n.) One who, or that which, brings up, rears, causes to grow, trains, fosters, or the like. \ (n.) A lieutenant or first officer, who is the real commander when the captain is unfit for his place. \ (n.) A peculiar larva of certain trematodes which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction. See Cercaria, and Redia. \ (n.) Either one of the nurse sharks. \ (v. t.) To nourish; to cherish; to foster \ (v. t.) To nourish at the breast; to suckle; to feed and tend, as an infant. \ (v. t.) To take care of or tend, as a sick person or an invalid; to attend upon. \ (v. t.) To bring up; to raise, by care, from a weak or invalid condition; to foster; -- applied to plants, animals, and to any object that needs, or thrives by, attention. \ (v. t.) To manage with care and economy, with a view to increase; as, to nurse our national resources. \ (v. t.) To caress; to fondle, as a nurse does.
insert generally (adv.) In general; commonly; extensively, though not universally; most frequently. \ (adv.) In a general way, or in general relation; in the main; upon the whole; comprehensively. \ (adv.) Collectively; as a whole; without omissions.
insert crowded (imp. & p. p.) of Crowd
insert whiskey (n.) Same as Whisky, a liquor. \ (n.) Alt. of Whisky \ (n.) An intoxicating liquor distilled from grain, potatoes, etc., especially in Scotland, Ireland, and the United States. In the United States, whisky is generally distilled from maize, rye, or wheat, but in Scotland and Ireland it is often made from malted barley.
insert fly v. to move through the air with wings, like a bird or airplane; to travel in an airplane or flying vehicle
insert correct ad. true; free from mistakes; v. to change to what is right \ (a.) Set right, or made straight; hence, conformable to truth, rectitude, or propriety, or to a just standard; not faulty or imperfect; free from error; as, correct behavior; correct views. \ (v. t.) To make right; to bring to the standard of truth, justice; to rectify, to correct manners or principles. \ (v. t.) To remove or retrench the faults or errors of; to amend; to set right, to correct the proof (that is, to mark upon the margin the changes to be made, or to make in the type the changes so marked). \ (v. t.) To bring back, or attempt to bring back, to propriety in morals; to reprove or punish for faults or deviations from moral rectitude; to chastise; to discipline, a child should be corrected for lying. \ (v. t.) To counteract the qualities of one thing by those of another; -- said of whatever is wrong or injurious, to correct the acidity of the stomach by alkaline preparations.
insert league (n.) A measure of length or distance, varying in different countries from about 2.4 to 4.6 English statute miles of 5.280 feet each, and used (as a land measure) chiefly on the continent of Europe, and in the Spanish parts of America. The marine league of England and the United States is equal to three marine, or geographical, miles of 6080 feet each. \ (n.) A stone erected near a public road to mark the distance of a league. \ (n.) An alliance or combination of two or more nations, parties, or persons, for the accomplishment of a purpose which requires a continued course of action, as for mutual defense, or for furtherance of commercial, religious, or political interests, etc. \ (v. i.) To unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support; to confederate. \ (v. t.) To join in a league; to cause to combine for a joint purpose; to combine; to unite; as, common interests will league heterogeneous elements.
insert follow v. to come or go after; to accept the rule or power of; to obey \ (v. t.) To go or come after; to move behind in the same path or direction; hence, to go with (a leader, guide, etc.); to accompany; to attend. \ (v. t.) To endeavor to overtake; to go in pursuit of; to chase; to pursue; to prosecute. \ (v. t.) To accept as authority; to adopt the opinions of; to obey; to yield to; to take as a rule of action; as, to follow good advice. \ (v. t.) To copy after; to take as an example. \ (v. t.) To succeed in order of time, rank, or office. \ (v. t.) To result from, as an effect from a cause, or an inference from a premise. \ (v. t.) To watch, as a receding object; to keep the eyes fixed upon while in motion; to keep the mind upon while in progress, as a speech, musical performance, etc.; also, to keep up with; to understand the meaning, connection, or force of, as of a course of thought or argument. \ (v. t.) To walk in, as a road or course; to attend upon closely, as a profession or calling. \ (v. i.) To go or come after; -- used in the various senses of the transitive verb: To pursue; to attend; to be a result; to imitate. \ (n.) The art or process of following; specif., in some games, as billiards, a stroke causing a ball to follow another ball after hitting it. Also used adjectively, follow shot.
insert clothes n. what people wear \ (pl. ) of Cloth \ (n. pl.) Covering for the human body; dress; vestments; vesture; -- a general term for whatever covering is worn, or is made to be worn, for decency or comfort. \ (n. pl.) The covering of a bed; bedclothes.
insert mix v. to put different things together to make one thing \ (v. t.) To cause a promiscuous interpenetration of the parts of, as of two or more substances with each other, or of one substance with others; to unite or blend into one mass or compound, as by stirring together; to mingle; to blend; as, to mix flour and salt; to mix wines. \ (v. t.) To unite with in company; to join; to associate. \ (v. t.) To form by mingling; to produce by the stirring together of ingredients; to compound of different parts. \ (v. i.) To become united into a compound; to be blended promiscuously together. \ (v. i.) To associate; to mingle.
insert must v. a word used with an action word to mean necessary ("You must go to school.") \ (v. i. \ (v. i. \ (n.) The expressed juice of the grape, or other fruit, before fermentation. \ (n.) Mustiness. \ (v. t. & i.) To make musty; to become musty. \ (n.) Being in a condition of dangerous frenzy, usually connected with sexual excitement; -- said of adult male elephants which become so at irregular intervals. \ (n.) The condition of frenzy. \ (n.) An elephant in must. / auxiliary) To be obliged; to be necessitated; -- expressing either physical or moral necessity; as, a man must eat for nourishment; we must submit to the laws. / auxiliary) To be morally required; to be necessary or essential to a certain quality, character, end, or result; as, he must reconsider the matter; he must have been insane.
insert clothe (v. t.) To put garments on; to cover with clothing; to dress. \ (v. t.) To provide with clothes; as, to feed and clothe a family; to clothe one's self extravagantly. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To cover or invest, as with a garment, to clothe one with authority or power. \ (v. i.) To wear clothes.
insert practice (n.) Frequently repeated or customary action; habitual performance; a succession of acts of a similar kind; usage; habit; custom; as, the practice of rising early; the practice of making regular entries of accounts; the practice of daily exercise. \ (n.) Customary or constant use; state of being used. \ (n.) Skill or dexterity acquired by use; expertness. \ (n.) Actual performance; application of knowledge; -- opposed to theory. \ (n.) Systematic exercise for instruction or discipline, the troops are called out for practice; she neglected practice in music. \ (n.) Application of science to the wants of men; the exercise of any profession; professional business, the practice of medicine or law; a large or lucrative practice. \ (n.) Skillful or artful management; dexterity in contrivance or the use of means; art; stratagem; artifice; plot; -- usually in a bad sense. \ (n.) A easy and concise method of applying the rules of arithmetic to questions which occur in trade and business. \ (n.) The form, manner, and order of conducting and carrying on suits and prosecutions through their various stages, according to the principles of law and the rules laid down by the courts. \ (v. t.) To do or perform frequently, customarily, or habitually; to make a practice of, to practice gaming. \ (v. t.) To exercise, or follow, as a profession, trade, etc., to practice law or medicine. \ (v. t.) To exercise one's self in, for instruction or improvement, or to acquire discipline or dexterity, to practice gunnery; to practice music. \ (v. t.) To put into practice; to carry out; to act upon; to commit; to execute; to do. \ (v. t.) To make use of; to employ. \ (v. t.) To teach or accustom by practice; to train. \ (v. i.) To perform certain acts frequently or customarily, either for instruction, profit, or amusement, to practice with the broadsword or with the rifle; to practice on the piano. \ (v. i.) To learn by practice; to form a habit. \ (v. i.) To try artifices or stratagems. \ (v. i.) To apply theoretical science or knowledge, esp. by way of experiment; to exercise or pursue an employment or profession, esp. that of medicine or of law.
insert sale (n.) See 1st Sallow. \ (v. t.) The act of selling; the transfer of property, or a contract to transfer the ownership of property, from one person to another for a valuable consideration, or for a price in money. \ (v. t.) Opportunity of selling; demand; market. \ (v. t.) Public disposal to the highest bidder, or exposure of goods in market; auction.
insert fee (n.) property; possession; tenure. \ (n.) Reward or compensation for services rendered or to be rendered; especially, payment for professional services, of optional amount, or fixed by custom or laws; charge; pay; perquisite; as, the fees of lawyers and physicians; the fees of office; clerk's fees; sheriff's fees; marriage fees, etc. \ (n.) A right to the use of a superior's land, as a stipend for services to be performed; also, the land so held; a fief. \ (n.) An estate of inheritance supposed to be held either mediately or immediately from the sovereign, and absolutely vested in the owner. \ (n.) An estate of inheritance belonging to the owner, and transmissible to his heirs, absolutely and simply, without condition attached to the tenure. \ (v. t.) To reward for services performed, or to be performed; to recompense; to hire or keep in hire; hence, to bribe.
insert possible ad. able to be done; can happen or is expected to happen \ (a.) Capable of existing or occurring, or of being conceived or thought of; able to happen; capable of being done; not contrary to the nature of things; -- sometimes used to express extreme improbability; barely able to be, or to come to pass; as, possibly he is honest, as it is possible that Judas meant no wrong.
insert headache (n.) Pain in the head; cephalalgia.
insert move v. to change position; to put or keep in motion; to go \ (v. t.) To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another; to impel; to stir; as, the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a carriage. \ (v. t.) To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another, according to the rules of the game, to move a king. \ (v. t.) To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence. \ (v. t.) To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite, as an emotion. \ (v. t.) To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit, as a resolution to be adopted, to move to adjourn. \ (v. t.) To apply to, as for aid. \ (v. i.) To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another, a ship moves rapidly. \ (v. i.) To act; to take action; to begin to act, to move in a matter. \ (v. i.) To change residence; to remove, as from one house, town, or state, to another. \ (v. i.) To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game. \ (n.) The act of moving; a movement. \ (n.) The act of moving one of the pieces, from one position to another, in the progress of the game. \ (n.) An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.
insert lower (a.) Compar. of Low, a. \ (a.) To let descend by its own weight, as something suspended; to let down; as, to lower a bucket into a well; to lower a sail or a boat; sometimes, to pull down, to lower a flag. \ (a.) To reduce the height of, to lower a fence or wall; to lower a chimney or turret. \ (a.) To depress as to direction, to lower the aim of a gun; to make less elevated as to object, to lower one's ambition, aspirations, or hopes. \ (a.) To reduce the degree, intensity, strength, etc., of, to lower the temperature of anything; to lower one's vitality; to lower distilled liquors. \ (a.) To bring down; to humble, to lower one's pride. \ (a.) To reduce in value, amount, etc. , to lower the price of goods, the rate of interest, etc. \ (v. i.) To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease, the river lowered as rapidly as it rose. \ (v. i.) To be dark, gloomy, and threatening, as clouds; to be covered with dark and threatening clouds, as the sky; to show threatening signs of approach, as a tempest. \ (v. i.) To frown; to look sullen. \ (n.) Cloudiness; gloominess. \ (n.) A frowning; sullenness.
insert fourteenth (a.) Next in order after the thirteenth; as, the fourteenth day of the month. \ (a.) Making or constituting one of fourteen equal parts into which anything may be derived. \ (n.) One of fourteen equal parts into which one whole may be divided; the quotient of a unit divided by fourteen; one next after the thirteenth. \ (n.) The octave of the seventh.
insert cigar (n.) A small roll of tobacco, used for smoking.
insert nature n. all the plants, animals and other things on earth not created by humans; events or processes not caused by humans \ (n.) The existing system of things; the world of matter, or of matter and mind; the creation; the universe. \ (n.) The personified sum and order of causes and effects; the powers which produce existing phenomena, whether in the total or in detail; the agencies which carry on the processes of creation or of being; -- often conceived of as a single and separate entity, embodying the total of all finite agencies and forces as disconnected from a creating or ordering intelligence. \ (n.) The established or regular course of things; usual order of events; connection of cause and effect. \ (n.) Conformity to that which is natural, as distinguished from that which is artifical, or forced, or remote from actual experience. \ (n.) The sum of qualities and attributes which make a person or thing what it is, as distinct from others; native character; inherent or essential qualities or attributes; peculiar constitution or quality of being. \ (n.) Hence: Kind, sort; character; quality. \ (n.) Physical constitution or existence; the vital powers; the natural life. \ (n.) Natural affection or reverence. \ (n.) Constitution or quality of mind or character. \ (v. t.) To endow with natural qualities.
insert folk (n. collect. & pl.) Alt. of Folks
insert sun n. the huge star in the sky that provides heat and light to earth \ (n.) See Sunn. \ (n.) The luminous orb, the light of which constitutes day, and its absence night; the central body round which the earth and planets revolve, by which they are held in their orbits, and from which they receive light and heat. Its mean distance from the earth is about 92,500,000 miles, and its diameter about 860,000. \ (n.) Any heavenly body which forms the center of a system of orbs. \ (n.) The direct light or warmth of the sun; sunshine. \ (n.) That which resembles the sun, as in splendor or importance; any source of light, warmth, or animation. \ (v. t.) To expose to the sun's rays; to warm or dry in the sun; as, to sun cloth; to sun grain.
insert whistle (v. i.) To make a kind of musical sound, or series of sounds, by forcing the breath through a small orifice formed by contracting the lips; also, to emit a similar sound, or series of notes, from the mouth or beak, as birds. \ (v. i.) To make a shrill sound with a wind or steam instrument, somewhat like that made with the lips; to blow a sharp, shrill tone. \ (v. i.) To sound shrill, or like a pipe; to make a sharp, shrill sound; as, a bullet whistles through the air. \ (v. t.) To form, utter, or modulate by whistling, to whistle a tune or an air. \ (v. t.) To send, signal, or call by a whistle. \ (v. i.) A sharp, shrill, more or less musical sound, made by forcing the breath through a small orifice of the lips, or through or instrument which gives a similar sound; the sound used by a sportsman in calling his dogs; the shrill note of a bird, the sharp whistle of a boy, or of a boatswain's pipe; the blackbird's mellow whistle. \ (v. i.) The shrill sound made by wind passing among trees or through crevices, or that made by bullet, or the like, passing rapidly through the air; the shrill noise (much used as a signal, etc.) made by steam or gas escaping through a small orifice, or impinging against the edge of a metallic bell or cup. \ (v. i.) An instrument in which gas or steam forced into a cavity, or against a thin edge, produces a sound more or less like that made by one who whistles through the compressed lips, a child's whistle; a boatswain's whistle; a steam whistle (see Steam whistle, under Steam). \ (v. i.) The mouth and throat; -- so called as being the organs of whistling.
insert electricity n. a form of energy that flows through wires to provide heat and light, and power to machines \ (n.) A power in nature, a manifestation of energy, exhibiting itself when in disturbed equilibrium or in activity by a circuit movement, the fact of direction in which involves polarity, or opposition of properties in opposite directions; also, by attraction for many substances, by a law involving attraction between surfaces of unlike polarity, and repulsion between those of like; by exhibiting accumulated polar tension when the circuit is broken; and by producing heat, light, concussion, and often chemical changes when the circuit passes between the poles or through any imperfectly conducting substance or space. It is generally brought into action by any disturbance of molecular equilibrium, whether from a chemical, physical, or mechanical, cause. \ (n.) The science which unfolds the phenomena and laws of electricity; electrical science. \ (n.) Fig.: Electrifying energy or characteristic.
insert various (a.) Different; diverse; several; manifold; as, men of various names; various occupations; various colors. \ (a.) Changeable; uncertain; inconstant; variable. \ (a.) Variegated; diversified; not monotonous.
insert bridge n. a structure built over a waterway, valley or road so people and vehicles can cross from one side to the other \ (n.) A structure, usually of wood, stone, brick, or iron, erected over a river or other water course, or over a chasm, railroad, etc., to make a passageway from one bank to the other. \ (n.) Anything supported at the ends, which serves to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned, as in engraving, watchmaking, or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed. \ (n.) The small arch or bar at right angles to the strings of a violin, guitar, serving of raise them and transmit their vibrations to the body of the instrument. \ (n.) A device to measure the resistance of a wire or other conductor forming part of an electric circuit. \ (n.) A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace, for deflecting flame; -- usually called a bridge wall. \ (v. t.) To build a bridge or bridges on or over; as, to bridge a river. \ (v. t.) To open or make a passage, as by a bridge. \ (v. t.) To find a way of getting over, as a difficulty; -- generally with over. \ (n.) A card game resembling whist.
insert responsibility (n.) The state of being responsible, accountable, or answerable, as for a trust, debt, or obligation. \ (n.) That for which anyone is responsible or accountable; as, the resonsibilities of power. \ (n.) Ability to answer in payment; means of paying.
insert lightly (adv.) With little weight; with little force; as, to tread lightly; to press lightly. \ (adv.) Swiftly; nimbly; with agility. \ (adv.) Without deep impression. \ (adv.) In a small degree; slightly; not severely. \ (adv.) With little effort or difficulty; easily; readily. \ (adv.) Without reason, or for reasons of little weight. \ (adv.) Commonly; usually. \ (adv.) Without dejection; cheerfully. \ (adv.) Without heed or care; with levity; gayly; airily. \ (adv.) Not chastely; wantonly.
insert glove (n.) A cover for the hand, or for the hand and wrist, with a separate sheath for each finger. The latter characteristic distinguishes the glove from the mitten. \ (n.) A boxing glove. \ (v. t.) To cover with, or as with, a glove.
insert bless (v. t.) To make or pronounce holy; to consecrate \ (v. t.) To make happy, blithesome, or joyous; to confer prosperity or happiness upon; to grant divine favor to. \ (v. t.) To express a wish or prayer for the happiness of; to invoke a blessing upon; -- applied to persons. \ (v. t.) To invoke or confer beneficial attributes or qualities upon; to invoke or confer a blessing on, -- as on food. \ (v. t.) To make the sign of the cross upon; to cross (one's self). \ (v. t.) To guard; to keep; to protect. \ (v. t.) To praise, or glorify; to extol for excellences. \ (v. t.) To esteem or account happy; to felicitate. \ (v. t.) To wave; to brandish.
insert fashion (n.) The make or form of anything; the style, shape, appearance, or mode of structure; pattern, model; as, the fashion of the ark, of a coat, of a house, of an altar, etc.; workmanship; execution. \ (n.) The prevailing mode or style, especially of dress; custom or conventional usage in respect of dress, behavior, etiquette; particularly, the mode or style usual among persons of good breeding, to dress, dance, sing, ride, in the fashion. \ (n.) Polite, fashionable, or genteel life; social position; good breeding, men of fashion. \ (n.) Mode of action; method of conduct; manner; custom; sort; way. \ (v. t.) To form; to give shape or figure to; to mold. \ (v. t.) To fit; to adapt; to accommodate; -- with to. \ (v. t.) To make according to the rule prescribed by custom. \ (v. t.) To forge or counterfeit.
insert ton pl. of Toe. \ (n.) The common tunny, or house mackerel. \ (n.) The prevailing fashion or mode; vogue; as, things of ton. \ (n.) A measure of weight or quantity. \ (n.) The weight of twenty hundredweight. \ (n.) Forty cubic feet of space, being the unit of measurement of the burden, or carrying capacity, of a vessel; as a vessel of 300 tons burden. \ (n.) A certain weight or quantity of merchandise, with reference to transportation as freight, six hundred weight of ship bread in casks, seven hundred weight in bags, eight hundred weight in bulk; ten bushels of potatoes; eight sacks, or ten barrels, of flour; forty cubic feet of rough, or fifty cubic feet of hewn, timber, etc.
insert alphabet (n.) The letters of a language arranged in the customary order; the series of letters or signs which form the elements of written language. \ (n.) The simplest rudiments; elements. \ (v. t.) To designate by the letters of the alphabet; to arrange alphabetically.
insert connection (n.) The act of connecting, or the state of being connected; junction; union; alliance; relationship. \ (n.) That which connects or joins together; bond; tie. \ (n.) A relation; esp. a person connected with another by marriage rather than by blood; -- used in a loose and indefinite, and sometimes a comprehensive, sense. \ (n.) The persons or things that are connected; as, a business connection; the Methodist connection.
insert court n. where trials take place; where judges make decisions about law \ (n.) An inclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different building; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley. \ (n.) The residence of a sovereign, prince, nobleman, or ether dignitary; a palace. \ (n.) The collective body of persons composing the retinue of a sovereign or person high in authority; all the surroundings of a sovereign in his regal state. \ (n.) Any formal assembling of the retinue of a sovereign; as, to hold a court. \ (n.) Attention directed to a person in power; conduct or address designed to gain favor; courtliness of manners; civility; compliment; flattery. \ (n.) The hall, chamber, or place, where justice is administered. \ (n.) The persons officially assembled under authority of law, at the appropriate time and place, for the administration of justice; an official assembly, legally met together for the transaction of judicial business; a judge or judges sitting for the hearing or trial of causes. \ (n.) A tribunal established for the administration of justice. \ (n.) The judge or judges; as distinguished from the counsel or jury, or both. \ (n.) The session of a judicial assembly. \ (n.) Any jurisdiction, civil, military, or ecclesiastical. \ (n.) A place arranged for playing the game of tennis, one of the divisions of a tennis court. \ (v. t.) To endeavor to gain the favor of by attention or flattery; to try to ingratiate one's self with. \ (v. t.) To endeavor to gain the affections of; to seek in marriage; to woo. \ (v. t.) To attempt to gain; to solicit; to seek. \ (v. t.) To invite by attractions; to allure; to attract. \ (v. i.) To play the lover; to woo, to go courting.
insert politics n. the activities of government and of those who are in public office \ (n.) The science of government; that part of ethics which has to do with the regulation and government of a nation or state, the preservation of its safety, peace, and prosperity, the defense of its existence and rights against foreign control or conquest, the augmentation of its strength and resources, and the protection of its citizens in their rights, with the preservation and improvement of their morals. \ (n.) The management of a political party; the conduct and contests of parties with reference to political measures or the administration of public affairs; the advancement of candidates to office; in a bad sense, artful or dishonest management to secure the success of political candidates or parties; political trickery.
insert wear v. to have on the body, as clothes \ (n.) Same as Weir. \ (v. t.) To cause to go about, as a vessel, by putting the helm up, instead of alee as in tacking, so that the vessel's bow is turned away from, and her stern is presented to, the wind, and, as she turns still farther, her sails fill on the other side; to veer. \ (v. t.) To carry or bear upon the person; to bear upon one's self, as an article of clothing, decoration, warfare, bondage, etc.; to have appendant to one's body; to have on; as, to wear a coat; to wear a shackle. \ (v. t.) To have or exhibit an appearance of, as an aspect or manner; to bear, she wears a smile on her countenance. \ (v. t.) To use up by carrying or having upon one's self; hence, to consume by use; to waste; to use up, to wear clothes rapidly. \ (v. t.) To impair, waste, or diminish, by continual attrition, scraping, percussion, on the like; to consume gradually; to cause to lower or disappear; to spend. \ (v. t.) To cause or make by friction or wasting, to wear a channel; to wear a hole. \ (v. t.) To form or shape by, or as by, attrition. \ (v. i.) To endure or suffer use; to last under employment; to bear the consequences of use, as waste, consumption, or attrition, a coat wears well or ill; -- hence, sometimes applied to character, qualifications, a man wears well as an acquaintance. \ (v. i.) To be wasted, consumed, or diminished, by being used; to suffer injury, loss, or extinction by use or time; to decay, or be spent, gradually. \ (n.) The act of wearing, or the state of being worn; consumption by use; diminution by friction, the wear of a garment. \ (n.) The thing worn; style of dress; the fashion. \ (n.) A dam in a river to stop and raise the water, for the purpose of conducting it to a mill, forming a fish pond, or the like. \ (n.) A fence of stakes, brushwood, or the like, set in a stream, tideway, or inlet of the sea, for taking fish. \ (n.) A long notch with a horizontal edge, as in the top of a vertical plate or plank, through which water flows, -- used in measuring the quantity of flowing water. \ (n.) The result of wearing or use, diminution, or impairment due to use, friction, the wear of this coat has been good.
insert produce v. to make; to create; to cause something to be; to manufacture \ (v. t.) To bring forward; to lead forth; to offer to view or notice; to exhibit; to show; as, to produce a witness or evidence in court. \ (v. t.) To bring forth, as young, or as a natural product or growth; to give birth to; to bear; to generate; to propagate; to yield; to furnish, the earth produces grass; trees produce fruit; the clouds produce rain. \ (v. t.) To cause to be or to happen; to originate, as an effect or result; to bring about, disease produces pain; vice produces misery. \ (v. t.) To give being or form to; to manufacture; to make, a manufacturer produces excellent wares. \ (v. t.) To yield or furnish; to gain, money at interest produces an income; capital produces profit. \ (v. t.) To draw out; to extend; to lengthen; to prolong, to produce a man's life to threescore. \ (v. t.) To extend; -- applied to a line, surface, or solid, to produce a side of a triangle. \ (v. i.) To yield or furnish appropriate offspring, crops, effects, consequences, or results. \ (n.) That which is produced, brought forth, or yielded; product; yield; proceeds; result of labor, especially of agricultural labors \ (n.) agricultural products.
insert silver n. a valued white metal \ (n.) A soft white metallic element, sonorous, ductile, very malleable, and capable of a high degree of polish. It is found native, and also combined with sulphur, arsenic, antimony, chlorine, etc., in the minerals argentite, proustite, pyrargyrite, ceragyrite, etc. Silver is one of the "noble" metals, so-called, not being easily oxidized, and is used for coin, jewelry, plate, and a great variety of articles. Symbol Ag (Argentum). Atomic weight 107.7. Specific gravity 10.5. \ (n.) Coin made of silver; silver money. \ (n.) Anything having the luster or appearance of silver. \ (n.) The color of silver. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to silver; made of silver; as, silver leaf; a silver cup. \ (a.) Resembling silver. \ (a.) Bright; resplendent; white. \ (a.) Precious; costly. \ (a.) Giving a clear, ringing sound soft and clear. \ (a.) Sweet; gentle; peaceful. \ (v. t.) To cover with silver; to give a silvery appearance to by applying a metal of a silvery color, to silver a pin; to silver a glass mirror plate with an amalgam of tin and mercury. \ (v. t.) To polish like silver; to impart a brightness to, like that of silver. \ (v. t.) To make hoary, or white, like silver. \ (v. i.) To acquire a silvery color.
insert gently (adv.) In a gentle manner.
insert fog n. a mass of wet air that is difficult to see through; a cloud close to the ground \ (n.) A second growth of grass; aftergrass. \ (n.) Dead or decaying grass remaining on land through the winter; -- called also foggage. \ (v. t.) To pasture cattle on the fog, or aftergrass, of; to eat off the fog from. \ (v. i.) To practice in a small or mean way; to pettifog. \ (n.) Watery vapor condensed in the lower part of the atmosphere and disturbing its transparency. It differs from cloud only in being near the ground, and from mist in not approaching so nearly to fine rain. See Cloud. \ (n.) A state of mental confusion. \ (v. t.) To envelop, as with fog; to befog; to overcast; to darken; to obscure. \ (v. i.) To show indistinctly or become indistinct, as the picture on a negative sometimes does in the process of development. \ (n.) Cloudiness or partial opacity of those parts of a developed film or a photograph which should be clear. \ (v. t.) To render semiopaque or cloudy, as a negative film, by exposure to stray light, too long an exposure to the developer, etc.
insert loan n. money borrowed that usually must be returned with interest payments; something borrowed \ (n.) A loanin. \ (n.) The act of lending; a lending; permission to use; as, the loan of a book, money, services. \ (n.) That which one lends or borrows, esp. a sum of money lent at interest, he repaid the loan. \ (n. t.) To lend; -- sometimes with out.
insert allow (v. t.) To praise; to approve of; hence, to sanction. \ (v. t.) To like; to be suited or pleased with. \ (v. t.) To sanction; to invest; to intrust. \ (v. t.) To grant, give, admit, accord, afford, or yield; to let one have; as, to allow a servant his liberty; to allow a free passage; to allow one day for rest. \ (v. t.) To own or acknowledge; to accept as true; to concede; to accede to an opinion, to allow a right; to allow a claim; to allow the truth of a proposition. \ (v. t.) To grant (something) as a deduction or an addition; esp. to abate or deduct, to allow a sum for leakage. \ (v. t.) To grant license to; to permit; to consent to, to allow a son to be absent. \ (v. i.) To admit; to make allowance or abatement.
insert proper (a.) Belonging to one; one's own; individual. \ (a.) Belonging to the natural or essential constitution; peculiar; not common; particular; as, every animal has his proper instincts and appetites. \ (a.) Befitting one's nature, qualities, etc.; suitable in all respect; appropriate; right; fit; decent, water is the proper element for fish; a proper dress. \ (a.) Becoming in appearance; well formed; handsome. \ (a.) Pertaining to one of a species, but not common to the whole; not appellative; -- opposed to common, a proper name; Dublin is the proper name of a city. \ (a.) Rightly so called; strictly considered, Greece proper; the garden proper. \ (a.) Represented in its natural color; -- said of any object used as a charge. \ (adv.) Properly; hence, to a great degree; very, proper good.
insert tube n. a long, round structure through which liquids or gases can flow; a long, thin container in which they can be kept \ (n.) A hollow cylinder, of any material, used for the conveyance of fluids, and for various other purposes; a pipe. \ (n.) A telescope. \ (n.) A vessel in animal bodies or plants, which conveys a fluid or other substance. \ (n.) The narrow, hollow part of a gamopetalous corolla. \ (n.) A priming tube, or friction primer. See under Priming, and Friction. \ (n.) A small pipe forming part of the boiler, containing water and surrounded by flame or hot gases, or else surrounded by water and forming a flue for the gases to pass through. \ (n.) A more or less cylindrical, and often spiral, case secreted or constructed by many annelids, crustaceans, insects, and other animals, for protection or concealment. See Illust. of Tubeworm. \ (n.) One of the siphons of a bivalve mollusk. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a tube; as, to tube a well. \ (n.) A tunnel for a tube railway; also (Colloq.), a tube railway.
insert stroke (imp.) Struck. \ (v. t.) The act of striking; a blow; a hit; a knock; esp., a violent or hostile attack made with the arm or hand, or with an instrument or weapon. \ (v. t.) The result of effect of a striking; injury or affliction; soreness. \ (v. t.) The striking of the clock to tell the hour. \ (v. t.) A gentle, caressing touch or movement upon something; a stroking. \ (v. t.) A mark or dash in writing or printing; a line; the touch of a pen or pencil; as, an up stroke; a firm stroke. \ (v. t.) Hence, by extension, an addition or amandment to a written composition; a touch, to give some finishing strokes to an essay. \ (v. t.) A sudden attack of disease; especially, a fatal attack; a severe disaster; any affliction or calamity, especially a sudden one, a stroke of apoplexy; the stroke of death. \ (v. t.) A throb or beat, as of the heart. \ (v. t.) One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium, by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished, the stroke of a bird's wing in flying, or an oar in rowing, of a skater, swimmer, etc. \ (v. t.) The rate of succession of stroke, a quick stroke. \ (v. t.) The oar nearest the stern of a boat, by which the other oars are guided; -- called also stroke oar. \ (v. t.) The rower who pulls the stroke oar; the strokesman. \ (v. t.) A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done, produced, or accomplished; also, something done or accomplished by such an effort, a stroke of genius; a stroke of business; a master stroke of policy. \ (v. t.) The movement, in either direction, of the piston plunger, piston rod, crosshead, etc., as of a steam engine or a pump, in which these parts have a reciprocating motion, the forward stroke of a piston, the entire distance passed through, as by a piston, in such a movement, the piston is at half stroke. \ (v. t.) Power; influence. \ (v. t.) Appetite. \ (v. t.) To strike. \ (v. t.) To rib gently in one direction, to pass the hand gently over by way of expressing kindness or tenderness; to caress; to soothe. \ (v. t.) To make smooth by rubbing. \ (v. t.) To give a finely fluted surface to. \ (v. t.) To row the stroke oar of, to stroke a boat. \ In croquet, a shot or stroke in which one drives in different directions one's own and the opponent's ball placed in contact.
insert beginning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Begin \ (n.) The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action, state, or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act, effort, or state of a succession of acts or states. \ (n.) That which begins or originates something; the first cause; origin; source. \ (n.) That which is begun; a rudiment or element. \ (n.) Enterprise.
insert whenever (adv. & conj.) At whatever time.
insert elect v. to choose by voting \ (a.) Chosen; taken by preference from among two or more. \ (a.) Chosen as the object of mercy or divine favor; set apart to eternal life. \ (a.) Chosen to an office, but not yet actually inducted into it; as, bishop elect; governor or mayor elect. \ (n.) One chosen or set apart. \ (n.) Those who are chosen for salvation. \ (v. t.) To pick out; to select; to choose. \ (v. t.) To select or take for an office; to select by vote, to elect a representative, a president, or a governor. \ (v. t.) To designate, choose, or select, as an object of mercy or favor.
insert smoker (n.) One who dries or preserves by smoke. \ (n.) One who smokes tobacco or the like. \ (n.) A smoking car or compartment. \ (n.) A gathering for smoking and social intercourse.
insert creature n. any living being; any animal or human \ (n.) Anything created; anything not self-existent; especially, any being created with life; an animal; a man. \ (n.) A human being, in pity, contempt, or endearment; as, a poor creature; a pretty creature. \ (n.) A person who owes his rise and fortune to another; a servile dependent; an instrument; a tool. \ (n.) A general term among farmers for horses, oxen, etc.
insert unable (a.) Not able; not having sufficient strength, means, knowledge, skill, or the like; impotent' weak; helpless; incapable; -- now usually followed by an infinitive or an adverbial phrase; as, unable for work; unable to bear fatigue.
insert go v. to move from one place to another; to leave \ (p. p.) Gone. \ (v. i.) To pass from one place to another; to be in motion; to be in a state not motionless or at rest; to proceed; to advance; to make progress; -- used, in various applications, of the movement of both animate and inanimate beings, by whatever means, and also of the movements of the mind; also figuratively applied. \ (v. i.) To move upon the feet, or step by step; to walk; also, to walk step by step, or leisurely. \ (v. i.) To be passed on fron one to another; to pass; to circulate; hence, with for, to have currency; to be taken, accepted, or regarded. \ (v. i.) To proceed or happen in a given manner; to fare; to move on or be carried on; to have course; to come to an issue or result; to succeed; to turn out. \ (v. i.) To proceed or tend toward a result, consequence, or product; to tend; to conduce; to be an ingredient; to avail; to apply; to contribute; -- often with the infinitive; as, this goes to show. \ (v. i.) To apply one's self; to set one's self; to undertake. \ (v. i.) To proceed by a mental operation; to pass in mind or by an act of the memory or imagination; -- generally with over or through. \ (v. i.) To be with young; to be pregnant; to gestate. \ (v. i.) To move from the person speaking, or from the point whence the action is contemplated; to pass away; to leave; to depart; -- in opposition to stay and come. \ (v. i.) To pass away; to depart forever; to be lost or ruined; to perish; to decline; to decease; to die. \ (v. i.) To reach; to extend; to lead, a line goes across the street; his land goes to the river; this road goes to New York. \ (v. i.) To have recourse; to resort, to go to law. \ (v. t.) To take, as a share in an enterprise; to undertake or become responsible for; to bear a part in. \ (v. t.) To bet or wager, I'll go you a shilling. \ (n.) Act; working; operation. \ (n.) A circumstance or occurrence; an incident. \ (n.) The fashion or mode, quite the go. \ (n.) Noisy merriment, a high go. \ (n.) A glass of spirits. \ (n.) Power of going or doing; energy; vitality; perseverance; push, there is no go in him. \ (n.) That condition in the course of the game when a player can not lay down a card which will not carry the aggregate count above thirty-one. \ (n.) Something that goes or is successful; a success, he made a go of it, an agreement.
insert failure (n.) Cessation of supply, or total defect; a failing; deficiency; as, failure of rain; failure of crops. \ (n.) Omission; nonperformance, the failure to keep a promise. \ (n.) Want of success; the state of having failed. \ (n.) Decay, or defect from decay; deterioration, the failure of memory or of sight. \ (n.) A becoming insolvent; bankruptcy; suspension of payment, failure in business. \ (n.) A failing; a slight fault.
insert brown ad. having the color like that of coffee \ (superl.) Of a dark color, of various shades between black and red or yellow. \ (n.) A dark color inclining to red or yellow, resulting from the mixture of red and black, or of red, black, and yellow; a tawny, dusky hue. \ (v. t.) To make brown or dusky. \ (v. t.) To make brown by scorching slightly; as, to brown meat or flour. \ (v. t.) To give a bright brown color to, as to gun barrels, by forming a thin coat of oxide on their surface. \ (v. i.) To become brown.
insert stream (n.) A current of water or other fluid; a liquid flowing continuously in a line or course, either on the earth, as a river, brook, etc., or from a vessel, reservoir, or fountain; specifically, any course of running water; as, many streams are blended in the Mississippi; gas and steam came from the earth in streams; a stream of molten lead from a furnace; a stream of lava from a volcano. \ (n.) A beam or ray of light. \ (n.) Anything issuing or moving with continued succession of parts, a stream of words; a stream of sand. \ (n.) A continued current or course, a stream of weather. \ (n.) Current; drift; tendency; series of tending or moving causes, the stream of opinions or manners. \ (v. i.) To issue or flow in a stream; to flow freely or in a current, as a fluid or whatever is likened to fluids, tears streamed from her eyes. \ (v. i.) To pour out, or emit, a stream or streams. \ (v. i.) To issue in a stream of light; to radiate. \ (v. i.) To extend; to stretch out with a wavy motion; to float in the wind, a flag streams in the wind. \ (v. t.) To send forth in a current or stream; to cause to flow; to pour, his eyes streamed tears. \ (v. t.) To mark with colors or embroidery in long tracts. \ (v. t.) To unfurl.
insert client (n.) A citizen who put himself under the protection of a man of distinction and influence, who was called his patron. \ (n.) A dependent; one under the protection of another. \ (n.) One who consults a legal adviser, or submits his cause to his management.
insert ship v. to transport; n. a large boat \ (n.) Pay; reward. \ (n.) Any large seagoing vessel. \ (n.) Specifically, a vessel furnished with a bowsprit and three masts (a mainmast, a foremast, and a mizzenmast), each of which is composed of a lower mast, a topmast, and a topgallant mast, and square-rigged on all masts. See Illustation in Appendix. \ (n.) A dish or utensil (originally fashioned like the hull of a ship) used to hold incense. \ (v. t.) To put on board of a ship, or vessel of any kind, for transportation; to send by water. \ (v. t.) By extension, in commercial usage, to commit to any conveyance for transportation to a distance; as, to ship freight by railroad. \ (v. t.) Hence, to send away; to get rid of. \ (v. t.) To engage or secure for service on board of a ship, to ship seamen. \ (v. t.) To receive on board ship, to ship a sea. \ (v. t.) To put in its place, to ship the tiller or rudder. \ (v. i.) To engage to serve on board of a vessel, to ship on a man-of-war. \ (v. i.) To embark on a ship.
insert cook v. to heat food before eating it \ (v. i.) To make the noise of the cuckoo. \ (v. t.) To throw. \ (n.) One whose occupation is to prepare food for the table; one who dresses or cooks meat or vegetables for eating. \ (n.) A fish, the European striped wrasse. \ (v. t.) To prepare, as food, by boiling, roasting, baking, broiling, etc.; to make suitable for eating, by the agency of fire or heat. \ (v. t.) To concoct or prepare; hence, to tamper with or alter; to garble; -- often with up; as, to cook up a story; to cook an account. \ (v. i.) To prepare food for the table.
insert close v. to make something not open; ad. near to \ (n.) To stop, or fill up, as an opening; to shut; as, to close the eyes; to close a door. \ (n.) To bring together the parts of; to consolidate, to close the ranks of an army; -- often used with up. \ (n.) To bring to an end or period; to conclude; to complete; to finish; to end; to consummate, to close a bargain; to close a course of instruction. \ (n.) To come or gather around; to inclose; to encompass; to confine. \ (v. i.) To come together; to unite or coalesce, as the parts of a wound, or parts separated. \ (v. i.) To end, terminate, or come to a period, the debate closed at six o'clock. \ (v. i.) To grapple; to engage in hand-to-hand fight. \ (n.) The manner of shutting; the union of parts; junction. \ (n.) Conclusion; cessation; ending; end. \ (n.) A grapple in wrestling. \ (n.) The conclusion of a strain of music; cadence. \ (n.) A double bar marking the end. \ (v. t.) An inclosed place; especially, a small field or piece of land surrounded by a wall, hedge, or fence of any kind; -- specifically, the precinct of a cathedral or abbey. \ (v. t.) A narrow passage leading from a street to a court, and the houses within. \ (v. t.) The interest which one may have in a piece of ground, even though it is not inclosed. \ (v. t.) Shut fast; closed; tight, a close box. \ (v. t.) Narrow; confined, a close alley; close quarters. \ (v. t.) Oppressive; without motion or ventilation; causing a feeling of lassitude; -- said of the air, weather, etc. \ (v. t.) Strictly confined; carefully quarded, a close prisoner. \ (v. t.) Out of the way observation; secluded; secret; hidden. \ (v. t.) Disposed to keep secrets; secretive; reticent. \ (v. t.) Having the parts near each other; dense; solid; compact; as applied to bodies; viscous; tenacious; not volatile, as applied to liquids. \ (v. t.) Concise; to the point, close reasoning. \ (v. t.) Adjoining; near; either in space; time, or thought; -- often followed by to. \ (v. t.) Short, to cut grass or hair close. \ (v. t.) Intimate; familiar; confidential. \ (v. t.) Nearly equal; almost evenly balanced, a close vote. \ (v. t.) Difficult to obtain, money is close. \ (v. t.) Parsimonious; stingy. \ (v. t.) Adhering strictly to a standard or original; exact; strict, a close translation. \ (v. t.) Accurate; careful; precise; also, attentive; undeviating; not wandering, a close observer. \ (v. t.) Uttered with a relatively contracted opening of the mouth, as certain sounds of e and o in French, Italian, and German; -- opposed to open. \ (adv.) In a close manner. \ (adv.) Secretly; darkly.
insert hill n. a small mountain \ (n.) A natural elevation of land, or a mass of earth rising above the common level of the surrounding land; an eminence less than a mountain. \ (n.) The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill, v. t. \ (v. t.) A single cluster or group of plants growing close together, and having the earth heaped up about them; as, a hill of corn or potatoes. \ (v. t.) To surround with earth; to heap or draw earth around or upon, to hill corn.
insert realize (v. t.) To make real; to convert from the imaginary or fictitious into the actual; to bring into concrete existence; to effectuate; to accomplish; as, to realize a scheme or project. \ (v. t.) To cause to seem real; to impress upon the mind as actual; to feel vividly or strongly; to make one's own in apprehension or experience. \ (v. t.) To convert into real property; to make real estate of, to realize his fortune. \ (v. t.) To acquire as an actual possession; to obtain as the result of plans and efforts; to gain; to get, to realize large profits from a speculation. \ (v. t.) To convert into actual money, to realize assets. \ (v. i.) To convert any kind of property into money, especially property representing investments, as shares in stock companies, bonds, etc.
insert second ad. the one that comes after the first \ (a.) Immediately following the first; next to the first in order of place or time; hence, occuring again; another; other. \ (a.) Next to the first in value, power, excellence, dignity, or rank; secondary; subordinate; inferior. \ (a.) Being of the same kind as another that has preceded, like a protype; as, a second Cato; a second Troy; a second deluge. \ (n.) One who, or that which, follows, or comes after; one next and inferior in place, time, rank, importance, or power. \ (n.) One who follows or attends another for his support and aid; a backer; an assistant; specifically, one who acts as another's aid in a duel. \ (n.) Aid; assistance; help. \ (n.) An article of merchandise of a grade inferior to the best; esp., a coarse or inferior kind of flour. \ (a.) The sixtieth part of a minute of time or of a minute of space, that is, the second regular subdivision of the degree, sound moves about 1,140 English feet in a second; five minutes and ten seconds north of this place. \ (a.) In the duodecimal system of mensuration, the twelfth part of an inch or prime; a line. See Inch, and Prime, n., 8. \ (n.) The interval between any tone and the tone which is represented on the degree of the staff next above it. \ (n.) The second part in a concerted piece; -- often popularly applied to the alto. \ (a.) To follow in the next place; to succeed; to alternate. \ (a.) To follow or attend for the purpose of assisting; to support; to back; to act as the second of; to assist; to forward; to encourage. \ (a.) Specifically, as a motion or proposal, by adding one's voice to that of the mover or proposer.
insert communication (n.) The act or fact of communicating; as, communication of smallpox; communication of a secret. \ (n.) Intercourse by words, letters, or messages; interchange of thoughts or opinions, by conference or other means; conference; correspondence. \ (n.) Association; company. \ (n.) Means of communicating; means of passing from place to place; a connecting passage; connection. \ (n.) That which is communicated or imparted; intelligence; news; a verbal or written message. \ (n.) Participation in the Lord's supper. \ (n.) A trope, by which a speaker assumes that his hearer is a partner in his sentiments, and says we, instead of I or you.
insert fully (adv.) In a full manner or degree; completely; entirely; without lack or defect; adequately; satisfactorily; as, to be fully persuaded of the truth of a proposition.
insert grandson n. the son of a person's daughter or son \ (n.) A son's or daughter's son.
insert carbon (n.) An elementary substance, not metallic in its nature, which is present in all organic compounds. Atomic weight 11.97. Symbol C. it is combustible, and forms the base of lampblack and charcoal, and enters largely into mineral coals. In its pure crystallized state it constitutes the diamond, the hardest of known substances, occuring in monometric crystals like the octahedron, etc. Another modification is graphite, or blacklead, and in this it is soft, and occurs in hexagonal prisms or tables. When united with oxygen it forms carbon dioxide, commonly called carbonic acid, or carbonic oxide, according to the proportions of the oxygen; when united with hydrogen, it forms various compounds called hydrocarbons. Compare Diamond, and Graphite. \ (n.) A carbon rod or pencil used in an arc lamp; also, a plate or piece of carbon used as one of the elements of a voltaic battery.
insert kindly (n.) According to the kind or nature; natural. \ (n.) Humane; congenial; sympathetic; hence, disposed to do good to; benevolent; gracious; kind; helpful; as, kindly affections, words, acts, etc. \ (n.) Favorable; mild; gentle; auspicious; beneficent. \ (adv.) Naturally; fitly. \ (adv.) In a kind manner; congenially; with good will; with a disposition to make others happy, or to oblige.
insert closely (adv.) In a close manner. \ (adv.) Secretly; privately.
insert complaint (n.) Expression of grief, regret, pain, censure, or resentment; lamentation; murmuring; accusation; fault-finding. \ (n.) Cause or subject of complaint or murmuring. \ (n.) An ailment or disease of the body. \ (n.) A formal allegation or charge against a party made or presented to the appropriate court or officer, as for a wrong done or a crime committed (in the latter case, generally under oath); an information; the initial bill in proceedings in equity.
insert announce v. to make known publicly; to declare officially \ (v. t.) To give public notice, or first notice of; to make known; to publish; to proclaim. \ (v. t.) To pronounce; to declare by judicial sentence.
insert production (n.) The act or process or producing, bringing forth, or exhibiting to view; as, the production of commodities, of a witness. \ (n.) That which is produced, yielded, or made, whether naturally, or by the application of intelligence and labor, the productions of the earth; the productions of handicraft; the productions of intellect or genius. \ (n.) The act of lengthening out or prolonging.
insert sketchbook (n.) A book of sketches or for sketches.
insert length (a.) The longest, or longer, dimension of any object, in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body, parallel to its sides; as, the length of a church, or of a ship; the length of a rope or line. \ (a.) A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural. \ (a.) The quality or state of being long, in space or time; extent; duration, some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon, and the length of his walk. \ (a.) A single piece or subdivision of a series, or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together, a length of pipe; a length of fence. \ (a.) Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as, to pursue a subject to a great length. \ (a.) Distance. \ (v. t.) To lengthen.
insert horizon (n.) The circle which bounds that part of the earth's surface visible to a spectator from a given point; the apparent junction of the earth and sky. \ (n.) A plane passing through the eye of the spectator and at right angles to the vertical at a given place; a plane tangent to the earth's surface at that place; called distinctively the sensible horizon. \ (n.) A plane parallel to the sensible horizon of a place, and passing through the earth's center; -- called also rational \ (n.) The unbroken line separating sky and water, as seen by an eye at a given elevation, no land being visible. \ (n.) The epoch or time during which a deposit was made. \ (n.) The chief horizontal line in a picture of any sort, which determines in the picture the height of the eye of the spectator; in an extended landscape, the representation of the natural horizon corresponds with this line. / celestial horizon.
insert vote v. to choose a candidate in an election; n. a choice or decision expressed by the voice, by hand or by writing \ (n.) An ardent wish or desire; a vow; a prayer. \ (n.) A wish, choice, or opinion, of a person or a body of persons, expressed in some received and authorized way; the expression of a wish, desire, will, preference, or choice, in regard to any measure proposed, in which the person voting has an interest in common with others, either in electing a person to office, or in passing laws, rules, regulations, etc.; suffrage. \ (n.) That by means of which will or preference is expressed in elections, or in deciding propositions; voice; a ballot; a ticket; as, a written vote. \ (n.) Expression of judgment or will by a majority; legal decision by some expression of the minds of a number, the vote was unanimous; a vote of confidence. \ (n.) Votes, collectively, the Tory vote; the labor vote. \ (v. i.) To express or signify the mind, or preference, either viva voce, or by ballot, or by other authorized means, as in electing persons to office, in passing laws, or in deciding on any proposition in which one has an interest with others. \ (v. t.) To choose by suffrage; to elec/, to vote a candidate into office. \ (v. t.) To enact, establish, grant, determine, by a formal vote, the legislature voted the resolution. \ (v. t.) To declare by general opinion or common consent, as if by a vote, he was voted a bore. \ (v. t.) To condemn; to devote; to doom.
insert classmate (n.) One who is in the same class with another, as at school or college.
insert sea n. a large area of salt water, usually part of an ocean \ (n.) One of the larger bodies of salt water, less than an ocean, found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank, generally forming part of, or connecting with, an ocean or a larger sea; as, the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea. \ (n.) An inland body of water, esp. if large or if salt or brackish, the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes, a small fresh-water lake, the Sea of Galilee. \ (n.) The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe. \ (n.) The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also, a single wave; a billow, there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea. \ (n.) A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size. \ (n.) Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness, a sea of glory.
insert communicate v. to tell; to give or exchange information \ (v. i.) To share in common; to participate in. \ (v. i.) To impart; to bestow; to convey; as, to communicate a disease or a sensation; to communicate motion by means of a crank. \ (v. i.) To make known; to recount; to give; to impart, to communicate information to any one. \ (v. i.) To administer the communion to. \ (v. i.) To share or participate; to possess or enjoy in common; to have sympathy. \ (v. i.) To give alms, sympathy, or aid. \ (v. i.) To have intercourse or to be the means of intercourse, to communicate with another on business; to be connected, a communicating artery. \ (v. i.) To partake of the Lord's supper; to commune.
insert familiar (a.) Of or pertaining to a family; domestic. \ (a.) Closely acquainted or intimate, as a friend or companion; well versed in, as any subject of study; as, familiar with the Scriptures. \ (a.) Characterized by, or exhibiting, the manner of an intimate friend; not formal; unconstrained; easy; accessible. \ (a.) Well known; well understood; common; frequent, a familiar illustration. \ (a.) Improperly acquainted; wrongly intimate. \ (n.) An intimate; a companion. \ (n.) An attendant demon or evil spirit. \ (n.) A confidential officer employed in the service of the tribunal, especially in apprehending and imprisoning the accused.
insert difference (n.) The act of differing; the state or measure of being different or unlike; distinction; dissimilarity; unlikeness; variation; as, a difference of quality in paper; a difference in degrees of heat, or of light; what is the difference between the innocent and the guilty? \ (n.) Disagreement in opinion; dissension; controversy; quarrel; hence, cause of dissension; matter in controversy. \ (n.) That by which one thing differs from another; that which distinguishes or causes to differ; mark of distinction; characteristic quality; specific attribute. \ (n.) Choice; preference. \ (n.) An addition to a coat of arms to distinguish the bearings of two persons, which would otherwise be the same. See Augmentation, and Marks of cadency, under Cadency. \ (n.) The quality or attribute which is added to those of the genus to constitute a species; a differentia. \ (n.) The quantity by which one quantity differs from another, or the remainder left after subtracting the one from the other. \ (v. t.) To cause to differ; to make different; to mark as different; to distinguish.
insert contact (n.) A close union or junction of bodies; a touching or meeting. \ (n.) The property of two curves, or surfaces, which meet, and at the point of meeting have a common direction. \ (n.) The plane between two adjacent bodies of dissimilar rock.
insert bookcase (n.) A case with shelves for holding books, esp. one with glazed doors.
insert letter n. a message written on paper; a communication in writing sent to another person \ (n.) One who lets or permits; one who lets anything for hire. \ (n.) One who retards or hinders. \ (n.) A mark or character used as the representative of a sound, or of an articulation of the human organs of speech; a first element of written language. \ (n.) A written or printed communication; a message expressed in intelligible characters on something adapted to conveyance, as paper, parchment, etc.; an epistle. \ (n.) A writing; an inscription. \ (n.) Verbal expression; literal statement or meaning; exact signification or requirement. \ (n.) A single type; type, collectively; a style of type. \ (n.) Learning; erudition; as, a man of letters. \ (n.) A letter; an epistle. \ (v. t.) To impress with letters; to mark with letters or words, a book gilt and lettered. \ (n.) A telegram longer than an ordinary message sent at rates lower than the standard message rate in consideration of its being sent and delivered subject to priority in service of regular messages. Such telegrams are called by the Western Union Company day / night, letters according to the time of sending, and by The Postal Telegraph Company day, / night, lettergrams.
insert lawyer (n.) One versed in the laws, or a practitioner of law; one whose profession is to conduct lawsuits for clients, or to advise as to prosecution or defence of lawsuits, or as to legal rights and obligations in other matters. It is a general term, comprehending attorneys, counselors, solicitors, barristers, sergeants, and advocates. \ (n.) The black-necked stilt. See Stilt. \ (n.) The bowfin (Amia calva). \ (n.) The burbot (Lota maculosa).
insert fixed (imp. & p. p.) of Fix \ (a.) Securely placed or fastened; settled; established; firm; imovable; unalterable. \ (a.) Stable; non-volatile.
insert winning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Win \ (a.) Attracting; adapted to gain favor; charming; as, a winning address. \ (n.) The act of obtaining something, as in a contest or by competition. \ (n.) The money, etc., gained by success in competition or contest, esp, in gambling; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) A new opening. \ (n.) The portion of a coal field out for working.
insert biscuit (n.) A kind of unraised bread, of many varieties, plain, sweet, or fancy, formed into flat cakes, and bakes hard; as, ship biscuit. \ (n.) A small loaf or cake of bread, raised and shortened, or made light with soda or baking powder. Usually a number are baked in the same pan, forming a sheet or card. \ (n.) Earthen ware or porcelain which has undergone the first baking, before it is subjected to the glazing. \ (n.) A species of white, unglazed porcelain, in which vases, figures, and groups are formed in miniature.
insert and conj. also; in addition to; with \ (conj.) A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition. It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or a sentence with a sentence. \ (conj.) In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially after try, come, go. \ (conj.) It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive. \ (conj.) If; though. See An, conj.
insert grant (v. t.) To give over; to make conveyance of; to give the possession or title of; to convey; -- usually in answer to petition. \ (v. t.) To bestow or confer, with or without compensation, particularly in answer to prayer or request; to give. \ (v. t.) To admit as true what is not yet satisfactorily proved; to yield belief to; to allow; to yield; to concede. \ (v. i.) To assent; to consent. \ (v. t.) The act of granting; a bestowing or conferring; concession; allowance; permission. \ (v. t.) The yielding or admission of something in dispute. \ (v. t.) The thing or property granted; a gift; a boon. \ (v. t.) A transfer of property by deed or writing; especially, au appropriation or conveyance made by the government; as, a grant of land or of money; also, the deed or writing by which the transfer is made.
insert match (n.) Anything used for catching and retaining or communicating fire, made of some substance which takes fire readily, or remains burning some time; esp., a small strip or splint of wood dipped at one end in a substance which can be easily ignited by friction, as a preparation of phosphorus or chlorate of potassium. \ (v.) A person or thing equal or similar to another; one able to mate or cope with another; an equal; a mate. \ (v.) A bringing together of two parties suited to one another, as for a union, a trial of skill or force, a contest, or the like \ (v.) A contest to try strength or skill, or to determine superiority; an emulous struggle. \ (v.) A matrimonial union; a marriage. \ (v.) An agreement, compact, etc. \ (v.) A candidate for matrimony; one to be gained in marriage. \ (v.) Equality of conditions in contest or competition. \ (v.) Suitable combination or bringing together; that which corresponds or harmonizes with something else; as, the carpet and curtains are a match. \ (v.) A perforated board, block of plaster, hardened sand, etc., in which a pattern is partly imbedded when a mold is made, for giving shape to the surfaces of separation between the parts of the mold. \ (v. t.) To be a mate or match for; to be able to complete with; to rival successfully; to equal. \ (v. t.) To furnish with its match; to bring a match, or equal, against; to show an equal competitor to; to set something in competition with, or in opposition to, as equal. \ (v. t.) To oppose as equal; to contend successfully against. \ (v. t.) To make or procure the equal of, or that which is exactly similar to, or corresponds with, to match a vase or a horse; to match cloth. \ (v. t.) To make equal, proportionate, or suitable; to adapt, fit, or suit (one thing to another). \ (v. t.) To marry; to give in marriage. \ (v. t.) To fit together, or make suitable for fitting together; specifically, to furnish with a tongue and a groove, at the edges, to match boards. \ (v. i.) To be united in marriage; to mate. \ (v. i.) To be of equal, or similar, size, figure, color, or quality; to tally; to suit; to correspond, these vases match. \ Alt. of race
insert aircraft (n. sing. & pl.) Any device, as a balloon, aeroplane, etc., for floating in, or flying through, the air.
insert really (adv.) Royally. \ (adv.) In a real manner; with or in reality; actually; in truth.
insert noise n. sound, especially when loud \ (n.) Sound of any kind. \ (n.) Especially, loud, confused, or senseless sound; clamor; din. \ (n.) Loud or continuous talk; general talk or discussion; rumor; report. \ (n.) Music, in general; a concert; also, a company of musicians; a band. \ (v. i.) To sound; to make a noise. \ (v. t.) To spread by rumor or report. \ (v. t.) To disturb with noise.
insert recent ad. a short time ago \ (a.) Of late origin, existence, or occurrence; lately come; not of remote date, antiquated style, or the like; not already known, familiar, worn out, trite, etc.; fresh; novel; new; modern; as, recent news. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the present or existing epoch, recent shells.
insert daughter n. a person's female child \ (n.) The female offspring of the human species; a female child of any age; -- applied also to the lower animals. \ (n.) A female descendant; a woman. \ (n.) A son's wife; a daughter-in-law. \ (n.) A term of address indicating parental interest.
insert route (n.) The course or way which is traveled or passed, or is to be passed; a passing; a course; a road or path; a march.
insert insect n. a very small creature, usually with many legs and sometimes with wings \ (n.) One of the Insecta; esp., one of the Hexapoda. See Insecta. \ (n.) Any air-breathing arthropod, as a spider or scorpion. \ (n.) Any small crustacean. In a wider sense, the word is often loosely applied to various small invertebrates. \ (n.) Fig.: Any small, trivial, or contemptible person or thing. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to an insect or insects. \ (a.) Like an insect; small; mean; ephemeral.
insert private ad. of or about a person or group that is secret; opposite public \ (a.) Belonging to, or concerning, an individual person, company, or interest; peculiar to one's self; unconnected with others; personal; one's own; not public; not general; separate; as, a man's private opinion; private property; a private purse; private expenses or interests; a private secretary. \ (a.) Sequestered from company or observation; appropriated to an individual; secret; secluded; lonely; solitary, a private room or apartment; private prayer. \ (a.) Not invested with, or engaged in, public office or employment, a private citizen; private life. \ (a.) Not publicly known; not open, a private negotiation; a private understanding. \ (a.) Having secret or private knowledge; privy. \ (n.) A secret message; a personal unofficial communication. \ (n.) Personal interest; particular business. \ (n.) Privacy; retirement. \ (n.) One not invested with a public office. \ (n.) A common soldier; a soldier below the grade of a noncommissioned officer. \ (n.) The private parts; the genitals.
insert buy v. to get by paying something, usually money \ (v. t.) To acquire the ownership of (property) by giving an accepted price or consideration therefor, or by agreeing to do so; to acquire by the payment of a price or value; to purchase; -- opposed to sell. \ (v. t.) To acquire or procure by something given or done in exchange, literally or figuratively; to get, at a cost or sacrifice; to buy pleasure with pain. \ (v. i.) To negotiate or treat about a purchase.
insert pilot n. one who guides or flies an airplane or helicopter \ (n.) One employed to steer a vessel; a helmsman; a steersman. \ (n.) Specifically, a person duly qualified, and licensed by authority, to conduct vessels into and out of a port, or in certain waters, for a fixed rate of fees. \ (n.) Figuratively: A guide; a director of another through a difficult or unknown course. \ (n.) An instrument for detecting the compass error. \ (n.) The cowcatcher of a locomotive. \ (v. t.) To direct the course of, as of a ship, where navigation is dangerous. \ (v. t.) Figuratively: To guide, as through dangers or difficulties. \ (n.) One who flies, or is qualified to fly, a balloon, an airship, or a flying machine. \ (n.) A short plug at the end of a counterbore to guide the tool. Pilots are sometimes made interchangeable. \ (n.) The heading or excavation of relatively small dimensions, first made in the driving of a larger tunnel. \ (v. t.) To fly, or act as pilot of (an aircraft).
insert talent (v. t.) Among the ancient Greeks, a weight and a denomination of money equal to 60 minae or 6,000 drachmae. The Attic talent, as a weight, was about 57 lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver money, its value was 243 15s. sterling, or about $1,180. \ (v. t.) Among the Hebrews, a weight and denomination of money. For silver it was equivalent to 3,000 shekels, and in weight was equal to about 93/ lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver, it has been variously estimated at from 340 to 396 sterling,645 to $1,916. For gold it was equal to 10,000 gold shekels. \ (v. t.) Inclination; will; disposition; desire. \ (v. t.) Intellectual ability, natural or acquired; mental endowment or capacity; skill in accomplishing; a special gift, particularly in business, art, or the like; faculty; a use of the word probably originating in the Scripture parable of the talents (Matt. xxv. 14-30).
insert century n. one hundred years \ (n.) A hundred; as, a century of sonnets; an aggregate of a hundred things. \ (n.) A period of a hundred years, this event took place over two centuries ago. \ (n.) A division of the Roman people formed according to their property, for the purpose of voting for civil officers. \ (n.) One of sixty companies into which a legion of the army was divided. It was Commanded by a centurion.
insert firstly (adv.) In the first place; before anything else; -- sometimes improperly used for first.
insert international ad. of or about more than one nation or many nations; of the whole world
insert eagle (n.) Any large, rapacious bird of the Falcon family, esp. of the genera Aquila and Haliaeetus. The eagle is remarkable for strength, size, graceful figure, keenness of vision, and extraordinary flight. The most noted species are the golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetus); the imperial eagle of Europe (A. mogilnik \ (n.) A gold coin of the United States, of the value of ten dollars. \ (n.) A northern constellation, containing Altair, a star of the first magnitude. See Aquila. \ (n.) The figure of an eagle borne as an emblem on the standard of the ancient Romans, or so used upon the seal or standard of any people. / imperialis); the American bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus); the European sea eagle (H. albicilla); and the great harpy eagle (Thrasaetus harpyia). The figure of the eagle, as the king of birds, is commonly used as an heraldic emblem, and also for standards and emblematic devices. See Bald eagle, Harpy, and Golden eagle.
insert fortunately (adv.) In a fortunate manner; luckily; successfully; happily.
insert royal (a.) Kingly; pertaining to the crown or the sovereign; suitable for a king or queen; regal; as, royal power or prerogative; royal domains; the royal family; royal state. \ (a.) Noble; generous; magnificent; princely. \ (a.) Under the patronage of royality; holding a charter granted by the sovereign, the Royal Academy of Arts; the Royal Society. \ (n.) Printing and writing papers of particular sizes. See under paper, n. \ (n.) A small sail immediately above the topgallant sail. \ (n.) One of the upper or distal branches of an antler, as the third and fourth tynes of the antlers of a stag. \ (n.) A small mortar. \ (n.) One of the soldiers of the first regiment of foot of the British army, formerly called the Royals, and supposed to be the oldest regular corps in Europe; -- now called the Royal Scots. \ (n.) An old English coin. See Rial. \ (n.) A royal spade.
insert wildly (adv.) In a wild manner; without cultivation; with disorder; rudely; distractedly; extravagantly.
insert spin (v. t.) To draw out, and twist into threads, either by the hand or machinery; as, to spin wool, cotton, or flax; to spin goat's hair; to produce by drawing out and twisting a fibrous material. \ (v. t.) To draw out tediously; to form by a slow process, or by degrees; to extend to a great length; -- with out, to spin out large volumes on a subject. \ (v. t.) To protract; to spend by delays, to spin out the day in idleness. \ (v. t.) To cause to turn round rapidly; to whirl; to twirl, to spin a top. \ (v. t.) To form (a web, a cocoon, silk, or the like) from threads produced by the extrusion of a viscid, transparent liquid, which hardens on coming into contact with the air; -- said of the spider, the silkworm, etc. \ (v. t.) To shape, as malleable sheet metal, into a hollow form, by bending or buckling it by pressing against it with a smooth hand tool or roller while the metal revolves, as in a lathe. \ (v. i.) To practice spinning; to work at drawing and twisting threads; to make yarn or thread from fiber, the woman knows how to spin; a machine or jenny spins with great exactness. \ (v. i.) To move round rapidly; to revolve, as a top or a spindle, about its axis. \ (v. i.) To stream or issue in a thread or a small current or jet, blood spinsfrom a vein. \ (v. i.) To move swifty, to spin along the road in a carriage, on a bicycle, etc. \ (n.) The act of spinning, the spin of a top; a spin a bicycle. \ (n.) Velocity of rotation about some specified axis.
insert frighten v. to cause great fear \ (v. t.) To disturb with fear; to throw into a state of alarm or fright; to affright; to terrify.
insert purple (n.) A color formed by, or resembling that formed by, a combination of the primary colors red and blue. \ (n.) Cloth dyed a purple color, or a garment of such color; especially, a purple robe, worn as an emblem of rank or authority; specifically, the purple rode or mantle worn by Roman emperors as the emblem of imperial dignity; as, to put on the imperial purple. \ (n.) Hence: Imperial sovereignty; royal rank, dignity, or favor; loosely and colloquially, any exalted station; great wealth. \ (n.) A cardinalate. See Cardinal. \ (n.) Any species of large butterflies, usually marked with purple or blue, of the genus Basilarchia (formerly Limenitis) as, the banded purple (B. arthemis). See Illust. under Ursula. \ (n.) Any shell of the genus Purpura. \ (n.) See Purpura. \ (n.) A disease of wheat. Same as Earcockle. \ (a.) Exhibiting or possessing the color called purple, much esteemed for its richness and beauty; of a deep red, or red and blue color, a purple robe. \ (a.) Imperial; regal; -- so called from the color having been an emblem of imperial authority. \ (a.) Blood-red; bloody. \ (v. t.) To make purple; to dye of purple or deep red color, hands purpled with blood.
insert study v. to make an effort to gain knowledge by using the mind; to examine carefully \ (v. i.) A setting of the mind or thoughts upon a subject; hence, application of mind to books, arts, or science, or to any subject, for the purpose of acquiring knowledge. \ (v. i.) Mental occupation; absorbed or thoughtful attention; meditation; contemplation. \ (v. i.) Any particular branch of learning that is studied; any object of attentive consideration. \ (v. i.) A building or apartment devoted to study or to literary work. \ (v. i.) A representation or rendering of any object or scene intended, not for exhibition as an original work of art, but for the information, instruction, or assistance of the maker; as, a study of heads or of hands for a figure picture. \ (v. i.) A piece for special practice. See Etude. \ (n.) To fix the mind closely upon a subject; to dwell upon anything in thought; to muse; to ponder. \ (n.) To apply the mind to books or learning. \ (n.) To endeavor diligently; to be zealous. \ (v. t.) To apply the mind to; to read and examine for the purpose of learning and understanding, to study law or theology; to study languages. \ (v. t.) To consider attentively; to examine closely, to study the work of nature. \ (v. t.) To form or arrange by previous thought; to con over, as in committing to memory, to study a speech. \ (v. t.) To make an object of study; to aim at sedulously; to devote one's thoughts to, to study the welfare of others; to study variety in composition.
insert journalist (n.) One who keeps a journal or diary. \ (n.) The conductor of a public journal, or one whose business it to write for a public journal; an editorial or other professional writer for a periodical.
insert actual (a.) Involving or comprising action; active. \ (a.) Existing in act or reality; really acted or acting; in fact; real; -- opposed to potential, possible, virtual, speculative, conceivable, theoretical, or nominal; as, the actual cost of goods; the actual case under discussion. \ (a.) In action at the time being; now exiting; present; as the actual situation of the country. \ (n.) Something actually received, as distinct from estimated, receipts.
insert rubber n. a substance made from the liquid of trees with the same name, or a similar substance made from chemicals \ (n.) One who, or that which, rubs. \ (n.) An instrument or thing used in rubbing, polishing, or cleaning. \ (n.) A coarse file, or the rough part of a file. \ (n.) A whetstone; a rubstone. \ (n.) An eraser, usually made of caoutchouc. \ (n.) The cushion of an electrical machine. \ (n.) One who performs massage, especially in a Turkish bath. \ (n.) Something that chafes or annoys; hence, something that grates on the feelings; a sarcasm; a rub. \ (n.) In some games, as whist, the odd game, as the third or the fifth, when there is a tie between the players; as, to play the rubber; also, a contest determined by the winning of two out of three games, to play a rubber of whist. \ (n.) India rubber; caoutchouc. \ (n.) An overshoe made of India rubber.
insert payment (n.) The act of paying, or giving compensation; the discharge of a debt or an obligation. \ (n.) That which is paid; the thing given in discharge of a debt, or an obligation, or in fulfillment of a promise; reward; recompense; requital; return. \ (n.) Punishment; chastisement.
insert none (a.) No one; not one; not anything; -- frequently used also partitively, or as a plural, not any. \ (a.) No; not any; -- used adjectively before a vowel, in old style; as, thou shalt have none assurance of thy life. \ (n.) Same as Nones, 2.
insert park (n.) A piece of ground inclosed, and stored with beasts of the chase, which a man may have by prescription, or the king's grant. \ (n.) A tract of ground kept in its natural state, about or adjacent to a residence, as for the preservation of game, for walking, riding, or the like. \ (n.) A piece of ground, in or near a city or town, inclosed and kept for ornament and recreation; as, Hyde Park in London; Central Park in New York. \ (n.) A space occupied by the animals, wagons, pontoons, and materials of all kinds, as ammunition, ordnance stores, hospital stores, provisions, etc., when brought together; also, the objects themselves, a park of wagons; a park of artillery. \ (n.) A partially inclosed basin in which oysters are grown. \ (v. t.) To inclose in a park, or as in a park. \ (v. t.) To bring together in a park, or compact body, to park the artillery, the wagons, etc. \ (n.) Any place where vehicles are assembled according to a definite arrangement, the vehicles. \ (v. t.) To bring together in a park, to park artillery, automobiles, etc. \ (v. t.) In oyster culture, to inclose in a park. \ (v. i.) To promenade or drive in a park, of horses, to display style or gait on a park drive.
insert living (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Live \ (n.) The state of one who, or that which, lives; life; existence. \ (n.) Manner of life; as, riotous living; penurious living; earnest living. \ (n.) Means of subsistence; sustenance; estate. \ (n.) Power of continuing life; the act of living, or living comfortably. \ (n.) The benefice of a clergyman; an ecclesiastical charge which a minister receives.
insert balcony (n.) A platform projecting from the wall of a building, usually resting on brackets or consoles, and inclosed by a parapet; as, a balcony in front of a window. Also, a projecting gallery in places of amusement, the balcony in a theater. \ (n.) A projecting gallery once common at the stern of large ships.
insert hurt v. to cause pain, injury or damage \ (n.) A band on a trip-hammer helve, bearing the trunnions. \ (n.) A husk. See Husk, 2. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Hurt \ (v. t.) To cause physical pain to; to do bodily harm to; to wound or bruise painfully. \ (v. t.) To impar the value, usefulness, beauty, or pleasure of; to damage; to injure; to harm. \ (v. t.) To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve.
insert dull (superl.) Slow of understanding; wanting readiness of apprehension; stupid; doltish; blockish. \ (superl.) Slow in action; sluggish; unready; awkward. \ (superl.) Insensible; unfeeling. \ (superl.) Not keen in edge or point; lacking sharpness; blunt. \ (superl.) Not bright or clear to the eye; wanting in liveliness of color or luster; not vivid; obscure; dim; as, a dull fire or lamp; a dull red or yellow; a dull mirror. \ (superl.) Heavy; gross; cloggy; insensible; spiritless; lifeless; inert. \ (superl.) Furnishing little delight, spirit, or variety; uninteresting; tedious; cheerless; gloomy; melancholy; depressing, a dull story or sermon; a dull occupation or period; hence, cloudy; overcast, a dull day. \ (v. t.) To deprive of sharpness of edge or point. \ (v. t.) To make dull, or sluggish; to stupefy, as the senses, the feelings, the perceptions, and the like. \ (v. t.) To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish. \ (v. t.) To deprive of liveliness or activity; to render heavy; to make inert; to depress; to weary; to sadden. \ (v. i.) To become dull or stupid.
insert poison n. a substance that can destroy life or damage health \ (n.) Any agent which, when introduced into the animal organism, is capable of producing a morbid, noxious, or deadly effect upon it; as, morphine is a deadly poison; the poison of pestilential diseases. \ (n.) That which taints or destroys moral purity or health, the poison of evil example; the poison of sin. \ (n.) To put poison upon or into; to infect with poison, to poison an arrow; to poison food or drink. \ (n.) To injure or kill by poison; to administer poison to. \ (n.) To taint; to corrupt; to vitiate, vice poisons happiness; slander poisoned his mind. \ (v. i.) To act as, or convey, a poison.
insert sympathy n. a sharing of feelings or emotions with another person, usually feelings of sadness \ (n.) Feeling corresponding to that which another feels; the quality of being affected by the affection of another, with feelings correspondent in kind, if not in degree; fellow-feeling. \ (n.) An agreement of affections or inclinations, or a conformity of natural temperament, which causes persons to be pleased, or in accord, with one another; as, there is perfect sympathy between them. \ (n.) Kindness of feeling toward one who suffers; pity; commiseration; compassion. \ (n.) The reciprocal influence exercised by the various organs or parts of the body on one another, as manifested in the transmission of a disease by unknown means from one organ to another quite remote, or in the influence exerted by a diseased condition of one part on another part or organ, as in the vomiting produced by a tumor of the brain. \ (n.) That relation which exists between different persons by which one of them produces in the others a state or condition like that of himself. This is shown in the tendency to yawn which a person often feels on seeing another yawn, or the strong inclination to become hysteric experienced by many women on seeing another person suffering with hysteria. \ (n.) A tendency of inanimate things to unite, or to act on each other, the sympathy between the loadstone and iron. \ (n.) Similarity of function, use office, or the like. \ (n.) The reciprocal influence exercised by organs or parts on one another, as shown in the effects of a diseased condition of one part on another part or organ, as in the vomiting produced by a tumor of the brain. \ (n.) The influence of a certain psychological state in one person in producing a like state in another.
insert announcer (n.) One who announces.
insert require v. to need or demand as necessary \ (v. t.) To demand; to insist upon having; to claim as by right and authority; to exact; as, to require the surrender of property. \ (v. t.) To demand or exact as indispensable; to need. \ (v. t.) To ask as a favor; to request.
insert forget v. to not remember \ (v. t.) To lose the remembrance of; to let go from the memory; to cease to have in mind; not to think of; also, to lose the power of; to cease from doing. \ (v. t.) To treat with inattention or disregard; to slight; to neglect.
insert slow v. to reduce the speed of; ad. not fast in moving, talking or other activities \ imp. of Slee, to slay. Slew. \ (superl.) Moving a short space in a relatively long time; not swift; not quick in motion; not rapid; moderate; deliberate; as, a slow stream; a slow motion. \ (superl.) Not happening in a short time; gradual; late. \ (superl.) Not ready; not prompt or quick; dilatory; sluggish, slow of speech, and slow of tongue. \ (superl.) Not hasty; not precipitate; acting with deliberation; tardy; inactive. \ (superl.) Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time, the clock or watch is slow. \ (superl.) Not advancing or improving rapidly, the slow growth of arts and sciences. \ (superl.) Heavy in wit; not alert, prompt, or spirited; wearisome; dull. \ (adv.) Slowly. \ (v. t.) To render slow; to slacken the speed of; to retard; to delay, to slow a steamer. \ (v. i.) To go slower; -- often with up, the train slowed up before crossing the bridge. \ (n.) A moth.
insert another ad. one more; a different one \ (pron. & a.) One more, in addition to a former number; a second or additional one, similar in likeness or in effect. \ (pron. & a.) Not the same; different. \ (pron. & a.) Any or some; any different person, indefinitely; any one else; some one else.
insert rain n. water falling from the sky \ (n. & v.) Reign. \ (n.) Water falling in drops from the clouds; the descent of water from the clouds in drops. \ (n.) To fall in drops from the clouds, as water; -- used mostly with it for a nominative; as, it rains. \ (n.) To fall or drop like water from the clouds, tears rained from their eyes. \ (v. t.) To pour or shower down from above, like rain from the clouds. \ (v. t.) To bestow in a profuse or abundant manner, to rain favors upon a person.
insert loose (superl.) Unbound; untied; unsewed; not attached, fastened, fixed, or confined; as, the loose sheets of a book. \ (superl.) Free from constraint or obligation; not bound by duty, habit, etc. ; -- with from or of. \ (superl.) Not tight or close, a loose garment. \ (superl.) Not dense, close, compact, or crowded, a cloth of loose texture. \ (superl.) Not precise or exact; vague; indeterminate, a loose style, or way of reasoning. \ (superl.) Not strict in matters of morality; not rigid according to some standard of right. \ (superl.) Unconnected; rambling. \ (superl.) Lax; not costive; having lax bowels. \ (superl.) Dissolute; unchaste, a loose man or woman. \ (superl.) Containing or consisting of obscene or unchaste language, a loose epistle. \ (n.) Freedom from restraint. \ (n.) A letting go; discharge. \ (a.) To untie or unbind; to free from any fastening; to remove the shackles or fastenings of; to set free; to relieve. \ (a.) To release from anything obligatory or burdensome; to disengage; hence, to absolve; to remit. \ (a.) To relax; to loosen; to make less strict. \ (a.) To solve; to interpret. \ (v. i.) To set sail.
insert finger (n.) One of the five terminating members of the hand; a digit; esp., one of the four extermities of the hand, other than the thumb. \ (n.) Anything that does work of a finger; as, the pointer of a clock, watch, or other registering machine; especially (Mech.) a small projecting rod, wire, or piece, which is brought into contact with an object to effect, direct, or restrain a motion. \ (n.) The breadth of a finger, or the fourth part of the hand; a measure of nearly an inch; also, the length of finger, a measure in domestic use in the United States, of about four and a half inches or one eighth of a yard. \ (n.) Skill in the use of the fingers, as in playing upon a musical instrument. \ (v. t.) To touch with the fingers; to handle; to meddle with. \ (v. t.) To touch lightly; to toy with. \ (v. t.) To perform on an instrument of music. \ (v. t.) To mark the notes of (a piece of music) so as to guide the fingers in playing. \ (v. t.) To take thievishly; to pilfer; to purloin. \ (v. t.) To execute, as any delicate work. \ (v. i.) To use the fingers in playing on an instrument.
insert watermelon (n.) The very large ovoid or roundish fruit of a cucurbitaceous plant (Citrullus vulgaris) of many varieties; also, the plant itself. The fruit sometimes weighs many pounds; its pulp is usually pink in color, and full of a sweet watery juice. It is a native of tropical Africa, but is now cultivated in many countries. See Illust. of Melon.
insert modern ad. of the present or very recent time; the most improved \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the present time, or time not long past; late; not ancient or remote in past time; of recent period; as, modern days, ages, or time; modern authors; modern fashions; modern taste; modern practice. \ (a.) New and common; trite; commonplace. \ (n.) A person of modern times; -- opposed to ancient.
insert serious ad. important; needing careful consideration; dangerous \ (a.) Grave in manner or disposition; earnest; thoughtful; solemn; not light, gay, or volatile. \ (a.) Really intending what is said; being in earnest; not jesting or deceiving. \ (a.) Important; weighty; not trifling; grave. \ (a.) Hence, giving rise to apprehension; attended with danger; as, a serious injury.
insert tomato (n.) The fruit of a plant of the Nightshade family (Lycopersicum esculentun); also, the plant itself. The fruit, which is called also love apple, is usually of a rounded, flattened form, but often irregular in shape. It is of a bright red or yellow color, and is eaten either cooked or uncooked.
insert knee (n.) In man, the joint in the middle part of the leg. \ (n.) The joint, or region of the joint, between the thigh and leg. \ (n.) In the horse and allied animals, the carpal joint, corresponding to the wrist in man. \ (n.) A piece of timber or metal formed with an angle somewhat in the shape of the human knee when bent. \ (n.) A bending of the knee, as in respect or courtesy. \ (v. t.) To supplicate by kneeling.
insert imagination (n.) The imagine-making power of the mind; the power to create or reproduce ideally an object of sense previously perceived; the power to call up mental imagines. \ (n.) The representative power; the power to reconstruct or recombine the materials furnished by direct apprehension; the complex faculty usually termed the plastic or creative power; the fancy. \ (n.) The power to recombine the materials furnished by experience or memory, for the accomplishment of an elevated purpose; the power of conceiving and expressing the ideal. \ (n.) A mental image formed by the action of the imagination as a faculty; a conception; a notion.
insert rabbit (n.) Any of the smaller species of the genus Lepus, especially the common European species (Lepus cuniculus), which is often kept as a pet, and has been introduced into many countries. It is remarkably prolific, and has become a pest in some parts of Australia and New Zealand.
insert frightened (imp.) of Frighten
insert mushroom (n.) An edible fungus (Agaricus campestris), having a white stalk which bears a convex or oven flattish expanded portion called the pileus. This is whitish and silky or somewhat scaly above, and bears on the under side radiating gills which are at first flesh-colored, but gradually become brown. The plant grows in rich pastures and is proverbial for rapidity of growth and shortness of duration. It has a pleasant smell, and is largely used as food. It is also cultivated from spawn. \ (n.) Any large fungus, especially one of the genus Agaricus; a toadstool. Several species are edible; but many are very poisonous. \ (n.) One who rises suddenly from a low condition in life; an upstart. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to mushrooms; as, mushroom catchup. \ (a.) Resembling mushrooms in rapidity of growth and shortness of duration; short-lived; ephemerial, mushroom cities.
insert spelling (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Spell \ (n.) The act of one who spells; formation of words by letters; orthography. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to spelling.
insert simply (adv.) In a simple manner or state; considered in or by itself; without addition; along; merely; solely; barely. \ (adv.) Plainly; without art or subtlety. \ (adv.) Weakly; foolishly.
insert skirt (n.) The lower and loose part of a coat, dress, or other like garment; the part below the waist; as, the skirt of a coat, a dress, or a mantle. \ (n.) A loose edging to any part of a dress. \ (n.) Border; edge; margin; extreme part of anything \ (n.) A petticoat. \ (n.) The diaphragm, or midriff, in animals. \ (v. t.) To cover with a skirt; to surround. \ (v. t.) To border; to form the border or edge of; to run along the edge of, the plain was skirted by rows of trees. \ (v. t.) To be on the border; to live near the border, or extremity.
insert guilty ad. having done something wrong or in violation of a law; responsible for a bad action \ (superl.) Having incurred guilt; criminal; morally delinquent; wicked; chargeable with, or responsible for, something censurable; justly exposed to penalty; -- used with of, and usually followed by the crime, sometimes by the punishment. \ (superl.) Evincing or indicating guilt; involving guilt; as, a guilty look; a guilty act; a guilty feeling. \ (superl.) Conscious; cognizant. \ (superl.) Condemned to payment.
insert terrible ad. very bad; causing terror or fear \ (a.) Adapted or likely to excite terror, awe, or dread; dreadful; formidable. \ (a.) Excessive; extreme; severe.
insert two (n.) One and one; twice one. \ (n.) The sum of one and one; the number next greater than one, and next less than three; two units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing two units, as 2, II., or ii.
insert marry v. to join a man and woman together as husband and wife; to become husband and wife (usually in a religious or civil ceremony) \ (v. t.) To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining, as a man and a woman, for life; to constitute (a man and a woman) husband and wife according to the laws or customs of the place. \ (v. t.) To join according to law, (a man) to a woman as his wife, or (a woman) to a man as her husband. See the Note to def. 4. \ (v. t.) To dispose of in wedlock; to give away as wife. \ (v. t.) To take for husband or wife. See the Note below. \ (v. t.) Figuratively, to unite in the closest and most endearing relation. \ (v. i.) To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife. \ (interj.) Indeed ! in truth ! -- a term of asseveration said to have been derived from the practice of swearing by the Virgin Mary.
insert ketchup (n.) A sauce. See Catchup.
insert wrist (n.) The joint, or the region of the joint, between the hand and the arm; the carpus. See Carpus. \ (n.) A stud or pin which forms a journal; -- also called wrist pin.
insert other ad. different; of another kind; the remaining one or ones of two or more ("That man is short; the other is tall.") \ (conj.) Either; -- used with other or or for its correlative (as either . . . or are now used). \ (pron. & a.) Different from that which, or the one who, has been specified; not the same; not identical; additional; second of two. \ (pron. & a.) Not this, but the contrary; opposite; as, the other side of a river. \ (pron. & a.) Alternate; second; -- used esp. in connection with every, every other day, that is, each alternate day, every second day. \ (pron. & a.) Left, as opposed to right. \ (adv.) Otherwise.
insert sweat (imp. & p. p.) of Sweat \ (v. i.) To excrete sensible moisture from the pores of the skin; to perspire. \ (v. i.) Fig.: To perspire in toil; to work hard; to drudge. \ (v. i.) To emit moisture, as green plants in a heap. \ (v. t.) To cause to excrete moisture from the skin; to cause to perspire; as, his physicians attempted to sweat him by most powerful sudorifics. \ (v. t.) To emit or suffer to flow from the pores; to exude. \ (v. t.) To unite by heating, after the application of soldier. \ (v. t.) To get something advantageous, as money, property, or labor from (any one), by exaction or oppression, to sweat a spendthrift; to sweat laborers. \ (v. i.) The fluid which is excreted from the skin of an animal; the fluid secreted by the sudoriferous glands; a transparent, colorless, acid liquid with a peculiar odor, containing some fatty acids and mineral matter; perspiration. See Perspiration. \ (v. i.) The act of sweating; or the state of one who sweats; hence, labor; toil; drudgery. \ (v. i.) Moisture issuing from any substance, the sweat of hay or grain in a mow or stack. \ (v. i.) The sweating sickness. \ (v. i.) A short run by a race horse in exercise.
insert gradually (adv.) In a gradual manner. \ (adv.) In degree.
insert fifteenth (a.) Next in order after the fourteenth; -- the ordinal of fifteen. \ (a.) Consisting of one of fifteen equal parts or divisions of a thing. \ (n.) One of fifteen equal parts or divisions; the quotient of a unit divided by fifteen. \ (n.) A species of tax upon personal property formerly laid on towns, boroughs, etc., in England, being one fifteenth part of what the personal property in each town, had been valued at. \ (n.) A stop in an organ tuned two octaves above the diaposon. \ (n.) An interval consisting of two octaves.
insert beef (n.) An animal of the genus Bos, especially the common species, B. taurus, including the bull, cow, and ox, in their full grown state; esp., an ox or cow fattened for food. \ (n.) The flesh of an ox, or cow, or of any adult bovine animal, when slaughtered for food. \ (n.) Applied colloquially to human flesh. \ (a.) Of, pertaining to, or resembling, beef.
insert great ad. very large or more than usual in size or number; very good; important \ (superl.) Large in space; of much size; big; immense; enormous; expanded; -- opposed to small and little; as, a great house, ship, farm, plain, distance, length. \ (superl.) Large in number; numerous, a great company, multitude, series, etc. \ (superl.) Long continued; lengthened in duration; prolonged in time, a great while; a great interval. \ (superl.) Superior; admirable; commanding; -- applied to thoughts, actions, and feelings. \ (superl.) Endowed with extraordinary powers; uncommonly gifted; able to accomplish vast results; strong; powerful; mighty; noble, a great hero, scholar, genius, philosopher, etc. \ (superl.) Holding a chief position; elevated: lofty: eminent; distingushed; foremost; principal, great men; the great seal; the great marshal, etc. \ (superl.) Entitled to earnest consideration; weighty; important, a great argument, truth, or principle. \ (superl.) Pregnant; big (with young). \ (superl.) More than ordinary in degree; very considerable in degree, to use great caution; to be in great pain. \ (superl.) Older, younger, or more remote, by single generation; -- often used before grand to indicate one degree more remote in the direct line of descent, great-grandfather (a grandfather's or a grandmother's father), great-grandson, etc. \ (n.) The whole; the gross, a contract to build a ship by the great.
insert cabbage (n.) An esculent vegetable of many varieties, derived from the wild Brassica oleracea of Europe. The common cabbage has a compact head of leaves. The cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, etc., are sometimes classed as cabbages. \ (n.) The terminal bud of certain palm trees, used, like, cabbage, for food. See Cabbage tree, below. \ (n.) The cabbage palmetto. See below. \ (v. i.) To form a head like that the cabbage; as, to make lettuce cabbage. \ (v. i.) To purloin or embezzle, as the pieces of cloth remaining after cutting out a garment; to pilfer. \ (n.) Cloth or clippings cabbaged or purloined by one who cuts out garments.
insert rocket n. a device shaped like a tube that moves through air or space by burning gases and letting them escape from the back or bottom, sometimes used as a weapon \ (n.) A cruciferous plant (Eruca sativa) sometimes eaten in Europe as a salad. \ (n.) Damewort. \ (n.) Rocket larkspur. See below. \ (n.) An artificial firework consisting of a cylindrical case of paper or metal filled with a composition of combustible ingredients, as niter, charcoal, and sulphur, and fastened to a guiding stick. The rocket is projected through the air by the force arising from the expansion of the gases liberated by combustion of the composition. Rockets are used as projectiles for various purposes, for signals, and also for pyrotechnic display. \ (n.) A blunt lance head used in the joust. \ (v. i.) To rise straight up; said of birds; usually in the present participle or as an adjective.
insert face n. the front of the head: eyes, nose, mouth; v. to look toward; to turn toward; to have before you, such as a problem or danger
insert broccoli (n.) A plant of the Cabbage species (Brassica oleracea) of many varieties, resembling the cauliflower. The "curd," or flowering head, is the part used for food.
insert technique (n.) Same as Technic, n.
insert honor v. to obey; to show strong, good feelings for ("to honor one's parents"); n. an award; an act of giving special recognition ("He received many honors for his efforts to help others.") \ (n.) Esteem due or paid to worth; high estimation; respect; consideration; reverence; veneration; manifestation of respect or reverence. \ (n.) That which rightfully attracts esteem, or consideration; self-respect; dignity; courage; fidelity; especially, excellence of character; high moral worth; virtue; nobleness; specif., in men, integrity; uprightness; trustworthness; in women, purity; chastity. \ (n.) A nice sense of what is right, just, and true, with course of life correspondent thereto; strict conformity to the duty imposed by conscience, position, or privilege. \ (n.) That to which esteem or consideration is paid; distinguished position; high rank. \ (n.) Fame; reputation; credit. \ (n.) A token of esteem paid to worth; a mark of respect; a ceremonial sign of consideration; as, he wore an honor on his breast; military honors; civil honors. \ (n.) A cause of respect and fame; a glory; an excellency; an ornament, he is an honor to his nation. \ (n.) A title applied to the holders of certain honorable civil offices, or to persons of rank, His Honor the Mayor. See Note under Honorable. \ (n.) A seigniory or lordship held of the king, on which other lordships and manors depended. \ (n.) Academic or university prizes or distinctions, honors in classics. \ (n.) The ace, king, queen, and jack of trumps. The ten and nine are sometimes called Dutch honors. \ (n.) To regard or treat with honor, esteem, or respect; to revere; to treat with deference and submission; when used of the Supreme Being, to reverence; to adore; to worship. \ (n.) To dignify; to raise to distinction or notice; to bestow honor upon; to elevate in rank or station; to ennoble; to exalt; to glorify; hence, to do something to honor; to treat in a complimentary manner or with civility. \ (n.) To accept and pay when due, to honora bill of exchange.
insert sleepy (n.) Drowsy; inclined to, or overcome by, sleep. \ (n.) Tending to induce sleep; soporiferous; somniferous; as, a sleepy drink or potion. \ (n.) Dull; lazy; heavy; sluggish. \ (n.) Characterized by an absence of watchfulness, sleepy security.
insert discussion (n.) The act or process of discussing by breaking up, or dispersing, as a tumor, or the like. \ (n.) The act of discussing or exchanging reasons; examination by argument; debate; disputation; agitation.
insert else (a. & pron.) Other; one or something beside; as, Who else is coming? What else shall I give? Do you expect anything else? \ (adv. & conj.) Besides; except that mentioned; in addition, nowhere else; no one else. \ (adv. & conj.) Otherwise; in the other, or the contrary, case; if the facts were different.
insert panda (n.) A small Asiatic mammal (Ailurus fulgens) having fine soft fur. It is related to the bears, and inhabits the mountains of Northern India.
insert unit (n.) A single thing or person. \ (n.) The least whole number; one. \ (n.) A gold coin of the reign of James I., of the value of twenty shillings. \ (n.) Any determinate amount or quantity (as of length, time, heat, value) adopted as a standard of measurement for other amounts or quantities of the same kind. \ (n.) A single thing, as a magnitude or number, regarded as an undivided whole.
insert shelf (v. i.) A flat tablet or ledge of any material set horizontally at a distance from the floor, to hold objects of use or ornament. \ (v. i.) A sand bank in the sea, or a rock, or ledge of rocks, rendering the water shallow, and dangerous to ships. \ (v. i.) A stratum lying in a very even manner; a flat, projecting layer of rock. \ (v. i.) A piece of timber running the whole length of a vessel inside the timberheads.
insert aim v. to point a gun at; n. a goal or purpose \ (v. i.) To point or direct a missile weapon, or a weapon which propels as missile, towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it; as, to aim at a fox, or at a target. \ (v. i.) To direct the indention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor; -- followed by at, or by an infinitive, to aim at distinction; to aim to do well. \ (v. i.) To guess or conjecture. \ (v. t.) To direct or point, as a weapon, at a particular object; to direct, as a missile, an act, or a proceeding, at, to, or against an object, to aim a musket or an arrow, the fist or a blow (at something); to aim a satire or a reflection (at some person or vice). \ (v. i.) The pointing of a weapon, as a gun, a dart, or an arrow, in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything, as a spear, a blow, a discourse, a remark, towards a particular point or object, with a view to strike or affect it. \ (v. i.) The point intended to be hit, or object intended to be attained or affected. \ (v. i.) Intention; purpose; design; scheme. \ (v. i.) Conjecture; guess.
insert kiss v. to touch with the mouth to show love or honor \ (v. t.) To salute with the lips, as a mark of affection, reverence, submission, forgiveness, etc. \ (v. t.) To touch gently, as if fondly or caressingly. \ (v. i.) To make or give salutation with the lips in token of love, respect, etc.; as, kiss and make friends. \ (v. i.) To meet; to come in contact; to touch fondly. \ (v.) A salutation with the lips, as a token of affection, a parting kiss; a kiss of reconciliation. \ (v.) A small piece of confectionery.
insert oh (interj.) An exclamation expressing various emotions, according to the tone and manner, especially surprise, pain, sorrow, anxiety, or a wish. See the Note under O.
insert reject v. to refuse to accept, use or believe \ (v. t.) To cast from one; to throw away; to discard. \ (v. t.) To refuse to receive or to acknowledge; to decline haughtily or harshly; to repudiate. \ (v. t.) To refuse to grant; as, to reject a prayer or request.
insert sit v. to rest on the lower part of the body without the support of the legs; to become seated \ obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Sit, for sitteth. \ (v. t.) To rest upon the haunches, or the lower extremity of the trunk of the body; -- said of human beings, and sometimes of other animals; as, to sit on a sofa, on a chair, or on the ground. \ (v. t.) To perch; to rest with the feet drawn up, as birds do on a branch, pole, etc. \ (v. t.) To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition. \ (v. t.) To lie, rest, or bear; to press or weigh; -- with on, a weight or burden sits lightly upon him. \ (v. t.) To be adjusted; to fit, a coat sts well or ill. \ (v. t.) To suit one well or ill, as an act; to become; to befit; -- used impersonally. \ (v. t.) To cover and warm eggs for hatching, as a fowl; to brood; to incubate. \ (v. t.) To have position, as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction. \ (v. t.) To occupy a place or seat as a member of an official body, to sit in Congress. \ (v. t.) To hold a session; to be in session for official business; -- said of legislative assemblies, courts, etc., the court sits in January; the aldermen sit to-night. \ (v. t.) To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of one's self made, as a picture or a bust, to sit to a painter. \ (v. t.) To sit upon; to keep one's seat upon, he sits a horse well. \ (v. t.) To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to; -- used reflexively. \ (v. t.) To suit (well / ill); to become.
insert page (n.) A serving boy; formerly, a youth attending a person of high degree, especially at courts, as a position of honor and education; now commonly, in England, a youth employed for doing errands, waiting on the door, and similar service in households; in the United States, a boy employed to wait upon the members of a legislative body. \ (n.) A boy child. \ (n.) A contrivance, as a band, pin, snap, or the like, to hold the skirt of a woman's dress from the ground. \ (n.) A track along which pallets carrying newly molded bricks are conveyed to the hack. \ (n.) Any one of several species of beautiful South American moths of the genus Urania. \ (v. t.) To attend (one) as a page. \ (n.) One side of a leaf of a book or manuscript. \ (n.) Fig.: A record; a writing; as, the page of history. \ (n.) The type set up for printing a page. \ (v. t.) To mark or number the pages of, as a book or manuscript; to furnish with folios.
insert need v. to require; to want; to be necessary to have or to do \ (n.) A state that requires supply or relief; pressing occasion for something; necessity; urgent want. \ (n.) Want of the means of subsistence; poverty; indigence; destitution. \ (n.) That which is needful; anything necessary to be done; (pl.) necessary things; business. \ (n.) Situation of need; peril; danger. \ (n.) To be in want of; to have cause or occasion for; to lack; to require, as supply or relief. \ (v. i.) To be wanted; to be necessary. \ (adv.) Of necessity. See Needs.
insert concert (v. t.) To plan together; to settle or adjust by conference, agreement, or consultation. \ (v. t.) To plan; to devise; to arrange. \ (v. i.) To act in harmony or conjunction; to form combined plans. \ (v. t.) Agreement in a design or plan; union formed by mutual communication of opinions and views; accordance in a scheme; harmony; simultaneous action. \ (v. t.) Musical accordance or harmony; concord. \ (v. t.) A musical entertainment in which several voices or instruments take part.
insert sour (superl.) Having an acid or sharp, biting taste, like vinegar, and the juices of most unripe fruits; acid; tart. \ (superl.) Changed, as by keeping, so as to be acid, rancid, or musty, turned. \ (superl.) Disagreeable; unpleasant; hence; cross; crabbed; peevish; morose; as, a man of a sour temper; a sour reply. \ (superl.) Afflictive; painful. \ (superl.) Cold and unproductive, sour land; a sour marsh. \ (n.) A sour or acid substance; whatever produces a painful effect. \ (v. t.) To cause to become sour; to cause to turn from sweet to sour, exposure to the air sours many substances. \ (v. t.) To make cold and unproductive, as soil. \ (v. t.) To make unhappy, uneasy, or less agreeable. \ (v. t.) To cause or permit to become harsh or unkindly. \ (v. t.) To macerate, and render fit for plaster or mortar, to sour lime for business purposes. \ (v. i.) To become sour; to turn from sweet to sour, milk soon sours in hot weather; a kind temper sometimes sours in adversity.
insert chain (n.) A series of links or rings, usually of metal, connected, or fitted into one another, used for various purposes, as of support, of restraint, of ornament, of the exertion and transmission of mechanical power, etc. \ (n.) That which confines, fetters, or secures, as a chain; a bond; as, the chains of habit. \ (n.) A series of things linked together; or a series of things connected and following each other in succession, a chain of mountains; a chain of events or ideas. \ (n.) An instrument which consists of links and is used in measuring land. \ (n.) Iron links bolted to the side of a vessel to bold the dead-eyes connected with the shrouds; also, the channels. \ (n.) The warp threads of a web. \ (v. t.) To fasten, bind, or connect with a chain; to fasten or bind securely, as with a chain, to chain a bulldog. \ (v. t.) To keep in slavery; to enslave. \ (v. t.) To unite closely and strongly. \ (v. t.) To measure with the chain. \ (v. t.) To protect by drawing a chain across, as a harbor.
insert threat (n.) The expression of an intention to inflict evil or injury on another; the declaration of an evil, loss, or pain to come; menace; threatening; denunciation. \ (n.) To threaten.
insert kind n. sort ("What kind of dog is that?"); ad. gentle; caring; helpful \ (superl.) Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native. \ (superl.) Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as, a kind man; a kind heart. \ (superl.) Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious. \ (superl.) Proceeding from, or characterized by, goodness, gentleness, or benevolence, a kind act. \ (superl.) Gentle; tractable; easily governed, a horse kind in harness. \ (a.) Nature; natural instinct or disposition. \ (a.) Race; genus; species; generic class, in mankind or humankind. \ (a.) Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class, there are several kinds of eloquence, of style, and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil, etc. \ (v. t.) To beget.
insert support v. to carry the weight of; to hold up or in position; to agree with others and help them reach a goal; to approve \ (v. t.) To bear by being under; to keep from falling; to uphold; to sustain, in a literal or physical sense; to prop up; to bear the weight of; as, a pillar supports a structure; an abutment supports an arch; the trunk of a tree supports the branches. \ (v. t.) To endure without being overcome, exhausted, or changed in character, to support pain, distress, or misfortunes. \ (v. t.) To keep from failing or sinking; to solace under affictive circumstances; to assist; to encourage; to defend, to support the courage or spirits. \ (v. t.) To assume and carry successfully, as the part of an actor; to represent or act, to support the character of King Lear. \ (v. t.) To furnish with the means of sustenance or livelihood; to maintain; to provide for, to support a family; to support the ministers of the gospel. \ (v. t.) To carry on; to enable to continue, to support a war or a contest; to support an argument or a debate. \ (v. t.) To verify; to make good; to substantiate; to establish, the testimony is not sufficient to support the charges; the evidence will not support the statements or allegations. \ (v. t.) To vindicate; to defend successfully, to be able to support one's own cause. \ (v. t.) To uphold by aid or countenance; to aid; to help; to back up, to support a friend or a party; to support the present administration. \ (v. t.) A attend as an honorary assistant, a chairman supported by a vice chairman; O'Connell left the prison, supported by his two sons. \ (n.) The act, state, or operation of supporting, upholding, or sustaining. \ (n.) That which upholds, sustains, or keeps from falling, as a prop, a pillar, or a foundation of any kind. \ (n.) That which maintains or preserves from being overcome, falling, yielding, sinking, giving way, or the like; subsistence; maintenance; assistance; reenforcement, he gave his family a good support, the support of national credit; the assaulting column had the support of a battery.
insert flag n. a piece of colored cloth used to represent a nation, government or organization \ (v. i.) To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp. \ (v. i.) To droop; to grow spiritless; to lose vigor; to languish; as, the spirits flag; the streugth flags. \ (v. t.) To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness, to flag the wings. \ (v. t.) To enervate; to exhaust the vigor or elasticity of. \ (n.) That which flags or hangs down loosely. \ (n.) A cloth usually bearing a device or devices and used to indicate nationality, party, etc., or to give or ask information; -- commonly attached to a staff to be waved by the wind; a standard; a banner; an ensign; the colors, the national flag; a military or a naval flag. \ (n.) A group of feathers on the lower part of the legs of certain hawks, owls, etc. \ (n.) A group of elongated wing feathers in certain hawks. \ (n.) The bushy tail of a dog, as of a setter. \ (v. t.) To signal to with a flag, to flag a train. \ (v. t.) To convey, as a message, by means of flag signals, to flag an order to troops or vessels at a distance. \ (n.) An aquatic plant, with long, ensiform leaves, belonging to either of the genera Iris and Acorus. \ (v. t.) To furnish or deck out with flags. \ (n.) A flat stone used for paving. \ (n.) Any hard, evenly stratified sandstone, which splits into layers suitable for flagstones. \ (v. t.) To lay with flags of flat stones. \ (n.) One of the wing feathers next the body of a bird; -- called also flag feather. \ (v. t.) To decoy (game) by waving a flag, handkerchief, or the like to arouse the animal's curiosity.
insert review (n.) To view or see again; to look back on. \ (n.) To go over and examine critically or deliberately. \ (n.) To reconsider; to revise, as a manuscript before printing it, or a book for a new edition. \ (n.) To go over with critical examination, in order to discover exellences or defects; hence, to write a critical notice of; as, to review a new novel. \ (n.) To make a formal or official examination of the state of, as troops, and the like, to review a regiment. \ (n.) To reexamine judically, a higher court may review the proceedings and judgments of a lower one. \ (n.) To retrace; to go over again. \ (v. i.) To look back; to make a review. \ (n.) A second or repeated view; a reexamination; a retrospective survey; a looking over again, a review of one's studies; a review of life. \ (n.) An examination with a view to amendment or improvement; revision, an author's review of his works. \ (n.) A critical examination of a publication, with remarks; a criticism; a critique. \ (n.) A periodical containing critical essays upon matters of interest, as new productions in literature, art, etc. \ (n.) An inspection, as of troops under arms or of a naval force, by a high officer, for the purpose of ascertaining the state of discipline, equipments, etc. \ (n.) The judicial examination of the proceedings of a lower court by a higher. \ (n.) A lesson studied or recited for a second time.
insert hiking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Hike
insert tourist (n.) One who makes a tour, or performs a journey in a circuit.
insert grow v. to develop or become bigger; to increase in size or amount \ (v. i.) To increase in size by a natural and organic process; to increase in bulk by the gradual assimilation of new matter into the living organism; -- said of animals and vegetables and their organs. \ (v. i.) To increase in any way; to become larger and stronger; to be augmented; to advance; to extend; to wax; to accrue. \ (v. i.) To spring up and come to matturity in a natural way; to be produced by vegetation; to thrive; to flourish; as, rice grows in warm countries. \ (v. i.) To pass from one state to another; to result as an effect from a cause; to become, to grow pale. \ (v. i.) To become attached of fixed; to adhere. \ (v. t.) To cause to grow; to cultivate; to produce, to grow a crop; to grow wheat, hops, or tobacco.
insert actress (n.) A female actor or doer. \ (n.) A female stageplayer; a woman who acts a part.
insert yourselves (pl. ) of Yourself
insert partner (n.) One who has a part in anything with an other; a partaker; an associate; a sharer. "Partner of his fortune." Shak. Hence: (a) A husband or a wife. (b) Either one of a couple who dance together. (c) One who shares as a member of a partnership in the management, or in the gains and losses, of a business. \ (n.) An associate in any business or occupation; a member of a partnership. See Partnership. \ (n.) A framework of heavy timber surrounding an opening in a deck, to strengthen it for the support of a mast, pump, capstan, or the like. \ (v. t.) To associate, to join.
insert kingdom (n.) The rank, quality, state, or attributes of a king; royal authority; sovereign power; rule; dominion; monarchy. \ (n.) The territory or country subject to a king or queen; the dominion of a monarch; the sphere in which one is king or has control. \ (n.) An extensive scientific division distinguished by leading or ruling characteristics; a principal division; a department; as, the mineral kingdom.
insert drum (n.) An instrument of percussion, consisting either of a hollow cylinder, over each end of which is stretched a piece of skin or vellum, to be beaten with a stick; or of a metallic hemisphere (kettledrum) with a single piece of skin to be so beaten; the common instrument for marking time in martial music; one of the pair of tympani in an orchestra, or cavalry band. \ (n.) Anything resembling a drum in form \ (n.) A sheet iron radiator, often in the shape of a drum, for warming an apartment by means of heat received from a stovepipe, or a cylindrical receiver for steam, etc. \ (n.) A small cylindrical box in which figs, etc., are packed. \ (n.) The tympanum of the ear; -- often, but incorrectly, applied to the tympanic membrane. \ (n.) One of the cylindrical, or nearly cylindrical, blocks, of which the shaft of a column is composed; also, a vertical wall, whether circular or polygonal in plan, carrying a cupola or dome. \ (n.) A cylinder on a revolving shaft, generally for the purpose of driving several pulleys, by means of belts or straps passing around its periphery, the barrel of a hoisting machine, on which the rope or chain is wound. \ (n.) See Drumfish. \ (n.) A noisy, tumultuous assembly of fashionable people at a private house; a rout. \ (n.) A tea party; a kettledrum. \ (v. i.) To beat a drum with sticks; to beat or play a tune on a drum. \ (v. i.) To beat with the fingers, as with drumsticks; to beat with a rapid succession of strokes; to make a noise like that of a beaten drum; as, the ruffed grouse drums with his wings. \ (v. i.) To throb, as the heart. \ (v. i.) To go about, as a drummer does, to gather recruits, to draw or secure partisans, customers, etc; -- with for. \ (v. t.) To execute on a drum, as a tune. \ (v. t.) (With out) To expel ignominiously, with beat of drum, to drum out a deserter or rogue from a camp, etc. \ (v. t.) (With up) To assemble by, or as by, beat of drum; to collect; to gather or draw by solicitation, to drum up recruits; to drum up customers.
insert been (p. p.) of Be \ The past participle of Be. In old authors it is also the pr. tense plural of Be. See 1st Bee.
insert person n. a man, woman or child \ (n.) A character or part, as in a play; a specific kind or manifestation of individual character, whether in real life, or in literary or dramatic representation; an assumed character. \ (n.) The bodily form of a human being; body; outward appearance; as, of comely person. \ (n.) A living, self-conscious being, as distinct from an animal or a thing; a moral agent; a human being; a man, woman, or child. \ (n.) A human being spoken of indefinitely; one, any person present. \ (n.) A parson; the parish priest. \ (n.) Among Trinitarians, one of the three subdivisions of the Godhead (the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost); an hypostasis. \ (n.) One of three relations or conditions (that of speaking, that of being spoken to, and that of being spoken of) pertaining to a noun or a pronoun, and thence also to the verb of which it may be the subject. \ (n.) A shoot or bud of a plant; a polyp or zooid of the compound Hydrozoa Anthozoa, etc.; also, an individual, in the narrowest sense, among the higher animals. \ (v. t.) To represent as a person; to personify; to impersonate.
insert patience (n.) The state or quality of being patient; the power of suffering with fortitude; uncomplaining endurance of evils or wrongs, as toil, pain, poverty, insult, oppression, calamity, etc. \ (n.) The act or power of calmly or contentedly waiting for something due or hoped for; forbearance. \ (n.) Constancy in labor or application; perseverance. \ (n.) Sufferance; permission. \ (n.) A kind of dock (Rumex Patientia), less common in America than in Europe; monk's rhubarb. \ (n.) Solitaire.
insert recently (adv.) Newly; lately; freshly; not long since; as, advices recently received.
insert option (n.) The power of choosing; the right of choice or election; an alternative. \ (n.) The exercise of the power of choice; choice. \ (n.) A wishing; a wish. \ (n.) A right formerly belonging to an archbishop to select any one dignity or benefice in the gift of a suffragan bishop consecrated or confirmed by him, for bestowal by himself when next vacant; -- annulled by Parliament in 1845. \ (n.) A stipulated privilege, given to a party in a time contract, of demanding its fulfillment on any day within a specified limit.
insert network (n.) A fabric of threads, cords, or wires crossing each other at certain intervals, and knotted or secured at the crossings, thus leaving spaces or meshes between them. \ (n.) Any system of lines or channels interlacing or crossing like the fabric of a net; as, a network of veins; a network of railroads.
insert bullet n. a small piece of metal shot from a gun \ (n.) A small ball. \ (n.) A missile, usually of lead, and round or elongated in form, to be discharged from a rifle, musket, pistol, or other small firearm. \ (n.) A cannon ball. \ (n.) The fetlock of a horse.
insert reach v. to put a hand toward; to arrive at; to come to \ (v. i.) To retch. \ (n.) An effort to vomit. \ (v. t.) To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth, as a limb, a member, something held, or the like. \ (v. t.) Hence, to deliver by stretching out a member, especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as, to reach one a book. \ (v. t.) To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body, or something held by one, so as to touch, strike, grasp, or the like, to reach an object with the hand, or with a spear. \ (v. t.) To strike, hit, or touch with a missile, to reach an object with an arrow, a bullet, or a shell. \ (v. t.) Hence, to extend an action, effort, or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce, or cut, as far as. \ (v. t.) To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent, his land reaches the river. \ (v. t.) To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as. \ (v. t.) To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to. \ (v. t.) To understand; to comprehend. \ (v. t.) To overreach; to deceive. \ (v. i.) To stretch out the hand. \ (v. i.) To strain after something; to make efforts. \ (v. i.) To extend in dimension, time, amount, action, influence, etc., attain to, or be equal to, something. \ (v. i.) To sail on the wind, as from one point of tacking to another, or with the wind nearly abeam. \ (n.) The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person, or a limb, or something held or thrown, the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot. \ (n.) The power of stretching out or extending action; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity. \ (n.) Extent; stretch; expanse; hence, application; result; scope. \ (n.) An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river, as from one turn to another; a level stretch, as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land. \ (n.) An artifice to obtain an advantage. \ (n.) The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
insert bell n. an instrument that makes a musical sound ("a church bell") \ (n.) A hollow metallic vessel, usually shaped somewhat like a cup with a flaring mouth, containing a clapper or tongue, and giving forth a ringing sound on being struck. \ (n.) A hollow perforated sphere of metal containing a loose ball which causes it to sound when moved. \ (n.) Anything in the form of a bell, as the cup or corol of a flower. \ (n.) That part of the capital of a column included between the abacus and neck molding; also used for the naked core of nearly cylindrical shape, assumed to exist within the leafage of a capital. \ (n.) The strikes of the bell which mark the time; or the time so designated. \ (v. t.) To put a bell upon; as, to bell the cat. \ (v. t.) To make bell-mouthed, to bell a tube. \ (v. i.) To develop bells or corollas; to take the form of a bell; to blossom, hops bell. \ (v. t.) To utter by bellowing. \ (v. i.) To call or bellow, as the deer in rutting time; to make a bellowing sound; to roar.
insert examine v. to study closely \ (v. t.) To test by any appropriate method; to inspect carefully with a view to discover the real character or state of; to subject to inquiry or inspection of particulars for the purpose of obtaining a fuller insight into the subject of examination, as a material substance, a fact, a reason, a cause, the truth of a statement; to inquire or search into; to explore; as, to examine a mineral; to examine a ship to know whether she is seaworthy; to examine a proposition, theory, or question. \ (v. t.) To interrogate as in a judicial proceeding; to try or test by question, to examine a witness in order to elicit testimony, a student to test his qualifications, a bankrupt touching the state of his property, etc.
insert rope n. a long, thick piece of material made from thinner pieces of material, used for tying \ (n.) A large, stout cord, usually one not less than an inch in circumference, made of strands twisted or braided together. It differs from cord, line, and string, only in its size. See Cordage. \ (n.) A row or string consisting of a number of things united, as by braiding, twining, etc.; as, a rope of onions. \ (n.) The small intestines, the ropes of birds. \ (v. i.) To be formed into rope; to draw out or extend into a filament or thread, as by means of any glutinous or adhesive quality. \ (v. t.) To bind, fasten, or tie with a rope or cord, to rope a bale of goods. \ (v. t.) To connect or fasten together, as a party of mountain climbers, with a rope. \ (v. t.) To partition, separate, or divide off, by means of a rope, so as to include or exclude something, to rope in, or rope off, a plot of ground; to rope out a crowd. \ (v. t.) To lasso (a steer, horse). \ (v. t.) To draw, as with a rope; to entice; to inveigle; to decoy, to rope in customers or voters. \ (v. t.) To prevent from winning (as a horse), by pulling or curbing. \ A guide rope.
insert kindness (a.) The state or quality of being kind, in any of its various senses; manifestation of kind feeling or disposition beneficence. \ (a.) A kind act; an act of good will; as, to do a great kindness.
insert pity (n.) Piety. \ (n.) A feeling for the sufferings or distresses of another or others; sympathy with the grief or misery of another; compassion; fellow-feeling; commiseration. \ (n.) A reason or cause of pity, grief, or regret; a thing to be regretted. \ (v. t.) To feel pity or compassion for; to have sympathy with; to compassionate; to commiserate; to have tender feelings toward (any one), awakened by a knowledge of suffering. \ (v. t.) To move to pity; -- used impersonally. \ (v. i.) To be compassionate; to show pity.
insert gentle ad. soft; kind; not rough or violent \ (superl.) Well-born; of a good family or respectable birth, though not noble. \ (superl.) Quiet and refined in manners; not rough, harsh, or stern; mild; meek; bland; amiable; tender; as, a gentle nature, temper, or disposition; a gentle manner; a gentle address; a gentle voice. \ (superl.) A compellative of respect, consideration, or conciliation, gentle reader. \ (superl.) Not wild, turbulent, or refractory; quiet and docile; tame; peaceable, a gentle horse. \ (superl.) Soft; not violent or rough; not strong, loud, or disturbing; easy; soothing; pacific, a gentle touch; a gentle gallop . \ (n.) One well born; a gentleman. \ (n.) A trained falcon. See Falcon-gentil. \ (n.) A dipterous larva used as fish bait. \ (v. t.) To make genteel; to raise from the vulgar; to ennoble. \ (v. t.) To make smooth, cozy, or agreeable. \ (v. t.) To make kind and docile, as a horse.
insert develop v. to grow; to create; to experience progress \ (v. t.) To free from that which infolds or envelops; to unfold; to lay open by degrees or in detail; to make visible or known; to disclose; to produce or give forth; as, to develop theories; a motor that develops 100 horse power. \ (v. t.) To unfold gradually, as a flower from a bud; hence, to bring through a succession of states or stages, each of which is preparatory to the next; to form or expand by a process of growth; to cause to change gradually from an embryo, or a lower state, to a higher state or form of being, sunshine and rain develop the bud into a flower; to develop the mind. \ (v. t.) To advance; to further; to prefect; to make to increase; to promote the growth of. \ (v. t.) To change the form of, as of an algebraic expression, by executing certain indicated operations without changing the value. \ (v. t.) To cause to become visible, as an invisible or latent image upon plate, by submitting it to chemical agents; to bring to view. \ (v. i.) To go through a process of natural evolution or growth, by successive changes from a less perfect to a more perfect or more highly organized state; to advance from a simpler form of existence to one more complex either in structure or function, a blossom develops from a bud; the seed develops into a plant; the embryo develops into a well-formed animal; the mind develops year by year. \ (v. i.) To become apparent gradually, a picture on sensitive paper develops on the application of heat; the plans of the conspirators develop.
insert waste v. to spend or use without need or care; to make bad use of; n. a spending of money, time or effort with no value gained or returned; something thrown away as having no value; the liquid and solid substances that result from body processes and are passed out of the body \ (a.) Desolate; devastated; stripped; bare; hence, dreary; dismal; gloomy; cheerless. \ (a.) Lying unused; unproductive; worthless; valueless; refuse; rejected; as, waste land; waste paper. \ (a.) Lost for want of occupiers or use; superfluous. \ (a.) To bring to ruin; to devastate; to desolate; to destroy. \ (a.) To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out. \ (a.) To spend unnecessarily or carelessly; to employ prodigally; to expend without valuable result; to apply to useless purposes; to lavish vainly; to squander; to cause to be lost; to destroy by scattering or injury. \ (a.) To damage, impair, or injure, as an estate, voluntarily, or by suffering the buildings, fences, etc., to go to decay. \ (v. i.) To be diminished; to lose bulk, substance, strength, value, or the like, gradually; to be consumed; to dwindle; to grow less. \ (v. i.) To procure or sustain a reduction of flesh; -- said of a jockey in preparation for a race, etc. \ (v.) The act of wasting, or the state of being wasted; a squandering; needless destruction; useless consumption or expenditure; devastation; loss without equivalent gain; gradual loss or decrease, by use, wear, or decay, a waste of property, time, labor, words, etc. \ (v.) That which is wasted or desolate; a devastated, uncultivated, or wild country; a deserted region; an unoccupied or unemployed space; a dreary void; a desert; a wilderness. \ (v.) That which is of no value; worthless remnants; refuse. Specifically: Remnants of cops, or other refuse resulting from the working of cotton, wool, hemp, and the like, used for wiping machinery, absorbing oil in the axle boxes of railway cars, etc. \ (v.) Spoil, destruction, or injury, done to houses, woods, lands, by a tenant for life or for years, to the prejudice of the heir, or of him in reversion or remainder. \ (v.) Old or abandoned workings, whether left as vacant space or filled with refuse. \ (n.) Material derived by mechanical and chemical erosion from the land, carried by streams to the sea.
insert shore of Shear \ imp. of Shear. \ (n.) A sewer. \ (n.) A prop, as a timber, placed as a brace or support against the side of a building or other structure; a prop placed beneath anything, as a beam, to prevent it from sinking or sagging. \ (v. t.) To support by a shore or shores; to prop; -- usually with up; as, to shore up a building. \ (v. t.) The coast or land adjacent to a large body of water, as an ocean, lake, or large river. \ (v. t.) To set on shore.
insert trap v. to catch or be caught by being tricked; to be unable to move or escape; n. a device used to catch animals \ (v. t.) To dress with ornaments; to adorn; -- said especially of horses. \ (n.) An old term rather loosely used to designate various dark-colored, heavy igneous rocks, including especially the feldspathic-augitic rocks, basalt, dolerite, amygdaloid, etc., but including also some kinds of diorite. Called also trap rock. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to trap rock; as, a trap dike. \ (n.) A machine or contrivance that shuts suddenly, as with a spring, used for taking game or other animals, a trap for foxes. \ (n.) Fig.: A snare; an ambush; a stratagem; any device by which one may be caught unawares. \ (n.) A wooden instrument shaped somewhat like a shoe, used in the game of trapball. It consists of a pivoted arm on one end of which is placed the ball to be thrown into the air by striking the other end. Also, a machine for throwing into the air glass balls, clay pigeons, to be shot at. \ (n.) The game of trapball. \ (n.) A bend, sag, or partitioned chamber, in a drain, soil pipe, sewer, arranged so that the liquid contents form a seal which prevents passage of air or gas, but permits the flow of liquids. \ (n.) A place in a water pipe, pump, where air accumulates for want of an outlet. \ (n.) A wagon, or other vehicle. \ (n.) A kind of movable stepladder. \ (v. t.) To catch in a trap or traps, to trap foxes. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To insnare; to take by stratagem; to entrap. \ (v. t.) To provide with a trap, to trap a drain; to trap a sewer pipe. See 4th Trap, 5. \ (v. i.) To set traps for game; to make a business of trapping game, to trap for beaver.
insert barber (n.) One whose occupation it is to shave or trim the beard, and to cut and dress the hair of his patrons. \ (v. t.) To shave and dress the beard or hair of. \ (n.) A storm accompanied by driving ice spicules formed from sea water, esp. one occurring on the Gulf of St. Lawrence; -- so named from the cutting ice spicules.
insert center n. the middle of something; the place in the middle; a place that is the main point of an activity \ (n.) A point equally distant from the extremities of a line, figure, or body, or from all parts of the circumference of a circle; the middle point or place. \ (n.) The middle or central portion of anything. \ (n.) A principal or important point of concentration; the nucleus around which things are gathered or to which they tend; an object of attention, action, or force; as, a center of attaction. \ (n.) The earth. \ (n.) Those members of a legislative assembly (as in France) who support the existing government. They sit in the middle of the legislative chamber, opposite the presiding officer, between the conservatives or monarchists, who sit on the right of the speaker, and the radicals or advanced republicans who occupy the seats on his left, See Right, and Left. \ (n.) A temporary structure upon which the materials of a vault or arch are supported in position until the work becomes self-supporting. \ (n.) One of the two conical steel pins, in a lathe, etc., upon which the work is held, and about which it revolves. \ (n.) A conical recess, or indentation, in the end of a shaft or other work, to receive the point of a center, on which the work can turn, as in a lathe. \ (v. i.) Alt. of Centre \ (v. t.) Alt. of Centre \ Alt. of seal \ Alt. of punch
insert large ad. big; being of more than usual size, amount or number; opposite small \ (superl.) Exceeding most other things of like kind in bulk, capacity, quantity, superficial dimensions, or number of constituent units; big; great; capacious; extensive; -- opposed to small; as, a large horse; a large house or room; a large lake or pool; a large jug or spoon; a large vineyard; a large army; a large city. \ (superl.) Abundant; ample, a large supply of provisions. \ (superl.) Full in statement; diffuse; full; profuse. \ (superl.) Having more than usual power or capacity; having broad sympathies and generous impulses; comprehensive; -- said of the mind and heart. \ (superl.) Free; unembarrassed. \ (superl.) Unrestrained by decorum; -- said of language. \ (superl.) Prodigal in expending; lavish. \ (superl.) Crossing the line of a ship's course in a favorable direction; -- said of the wind when it is abeam, or between the beam and the quarter. \ (adv.) Freely; licentiously. \ (n.) A musical note, formerly in use, equal to two longs, four breves, or eight semibreves.
insert sport n. any game or activity of competition involving physical effort or skill \ (n.) That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement. \ (n.) Mock; mockery; contemptuous mirth; derision. \ (n.) That with which one plays, or which is driven about in play; a toy; a plaything; an object of mockery. \ (n.) Play; idle jingle. \ (n.) Diversion of the field, as fowling, hunting, fishing, racing, games, and the like, esp. when money is staked. \ (n.) A plant or an animal, or part of a plant or animal, which has some peculiarity not usually seen in the species; an abnormal variety or growth. See Sporting plant, under Sporting. \ (n.) A sportsman; a gambler. \ (v. i.) To play; to frolic; to wanton. \ (v. i.) To practice the diversions of the field or the turf; to be given to betting, as upon races. \ (v. i.) To trifle. \ (v. i.) To assume suddenly a new and different character from the rest of the plant or from the type of the species; -- said of a bud, shoot, plant, or animal. See Sport, n., 6. \ (v. t.) To divert; to amuse; to make merry; -- used with the reciprocal pronoun. \ (v. t.) To represent by any knd of play. \ (v. t.) To exhibit, or bring out, in public; to use or wear; as, to sport a new equipage. \ (v. t.) To give utterance to in a sportive manner; to throw out in an easy and copious manner; -- with off, to sport off epigrams.
insert daddy (n.) Diminutive of Dad.
insert affect v. to produce an effect on; to influence ("A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.") \ (v. t.) To act upon; to produce an effect or change upon. \ (v. t.) To influence or move, as the feelings or passions; to touch. \ (v. t.) To love; to regard with affection. \ (v. t.) To show a fondness for; to like to use or practice; to choose; hence, to frequent habitually. \ (v. t.) To dispose or incline. \ (v. t.) To aim at; to aspire; to covet. \ (v. t.) To tend to by affinity or disposition. \ (v. t.) To make a show of; to put on a pretense of; to feign; to assume; as, to affect ignorance. \ (v. t.) To assign; to appoint. \ (n.) Affection; inclination; passion; feeling; disposition. \ (n.) The emotional complex associated with an idea or mental state. In hysteria, the affect is sometimes entirely dissociated, sometimes transferred to another than the original idea.
insert conversation (n.) General course of conduct; behavior. \ (n.) Familiar intercourse; intimate fellowship or association; close acquaintance. \ (n.) Commerce; intercourse; traffic. \ (n.) Colloquial discourse; oral interchange of sentiments and observations; informal dialogue. \ (n.) Sexual intercourse; as, criminal conversation.
insert his (pron.) Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; as, tell John his papers are ready; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete. \ (pron.) The possessive of he, the book is his.
insert photography (n.) The science which relates to the action of light on sensitive bodies in the production of pictures, the fixation of images, and the like. \ (n.) The art or process of producing pictures by this action of light.
insert basis (n.) The foundation of anything; that on which a thing rests. \ (n.) The pedestal of a column, pillar, or statue. \ (n.) The ground work the first or fundamental principle; that which supports. \ (n.) The principal component part of a thing.
insert struggle v. to try with much effort; to fight with; n. a great effort; a fight \ (v. i.) To strive, or to make efforts, with a twisting, or with contortions of the body. \ (v. i.) To use great efforts; to labor hard; to strive; to contend forcibly; as, to struggle to save one's life; to struggle with the waves; to struggle with adversity. \ (v. i.) To labor in pain or anguish; to be in agony; to labor in any kind of difficulty or distress. \ (n.) A violent effort or efforts with contortions of the body; agony; distress. \ (n.) Great labor; forcible effort to obtain an object, or to avert an evil. \ (n.) Contest; contention; strife.
insert golden (a.) Made of gold; consisting of gold. \ (a.) Having the color of gold; as, the golden grain. \ (a.) Very precious; highly valuable; excellent; eminently auspicious, golden opinions.
insert snake (n.) Any species of the order Ophidia; an ophidian; a serpent, whether harmless or venomous. See Ophidia, and Serpent. \ (v. t.) To drag or draw, as a snake from a hole; -- often with out. \ (v. t.) To wind round spirally, as a large rope with a smaller, or with cord, the small rope lying in the spaces between the strands of the large one; to worm. \ (v. i.) To crawl like a snake.
insert bring v. to come with something \ (v. t.) To convey to the place where the speaker is or is to be; to bear from a more distant to a nearer place; to fetch. \ (v. t.) To cause the accession or obtaining of; to procure; to make to come; to produce; to draw to. \ (v. t.) To convey; to move; to carry or conduct. \ (v. t.) To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide. \ (v. t.) To produce in exchange; to sell for; to fetch; as, what does coal bring per ton?
insert toothbrush (n.) A brush for cleaning the teeth.
insert silence v. to make quiet; to stop from speaking or making noise; n. a lack of noise or sound \ (n.) The state of being silent; entire absence of sound or noise; absolute stillness. \ (n.) Forbearance from, or absence of, speech; taciturnity; muteness. \ (n.) Secrecy; as, these things were transacted in silence. \ (n.) The cessation of rage, agitation, or tumilt; calmness; quiest, the elements were reduced to silence. \ (n.) Absence of mention; oblivion. \ (interj.) Be silent; -- used elliptically for let there be silence, or keep silence. \ (v. t.) To compel to silence; to cause to be still; to still; to hush. \ (v. t.) To put to rest; to quiet. \ (v. t.) To restrain from the exercise of any function, privilege of instruction, or the like, especially from the act of preaching, to silence a minister of the gospel. \ (v. t.) To cause to cease firing, as by a vigorous cannonade, to silence the batteries of an enemy.
insert agreement (n.) State of agreeing; harmony of opinion, statement, action, or character; concurrence; concord; conformity; as, a good agreement subsists among the members of the council. \ (n.) Concord or correspondence of one word with another in gender, number, case, or person. \ (n.) A concurrence in an engagement that something shall be done or omitted; an exchange of promises; mutual understanding, arrangement, or stipulation; a contract. \ (n.) The language, oral or written, embodying reciprocal promises.
insert junior (a.) Less advanced in age than another; younger. \ (a.) Lower in standing or in rank; later in office; as, a junior partner; junior counsel; junior captain. \ (a.) Composed of juniors, whether younger or a lower standing, the junior class; of or pertaining to juniors or to a junior class. See Junior, n., 2. \ (n.) Belonging to a younger person, or an earlier time of life. \ (n.) A younger person. \ (n.) Hence: One of a lower or later standing; specifically, in American colleges, one in the third year of his course, one in the fourth or final year being designated a senior; in some seminaries, one in the first year, in others, one in the second year, of a three years' course.
insert month n. one of the twelve periods of time into which a year is divided \ (n.) One of the twelve portions into which the year is divided; the twelfth part of a year, corresponding nearly to the length of a synodic revolution of the moon, -- whence the name. In popular use, a period of four weeks is often called a month.
insert invite v. to ask someone to take part in or join an event, organization or gathering \ (v. t.) To ask; to request; to bid; to summon; to ask to do some act, or go to some place; esp., to ask to an entertainment or visit; to request the company of; as, to invite to dinner, or a wedding, or an excursion. \ (v. t.) To allure; to draw to; to tempt to come; to induce by pleasure or hope; to attract. \ (v. t.) To give occasion for, to invite criticism. \ (v. i.) To give invitation.
insert spell (n.) A spelk, or splinter. \ (v. t.) To supply the place of for a time; to take the turn of, at work; to relieve; as, to spell the helmsman. \ (n.) The relief of one person by another in any piece of work or watching; also, a turn at work which is carried on by one person or gang relieving another, a spell at the pumps; a spell at the masthead. \ (n.) The time during which one person or gang works until relieved; hence, any relatively short period of time, whether a few hours, days, or weeks. \ (n.) One of two or more persons or gangs who work by spells. \ (n.) A gratuitous helping forward of another's work, a logging spell. \ (n.) A story; a tale. \ (n.) A stanza, verse, or phrase supposed to be endowed with magical power; an incantation, any charm. \ (v. t.) To tell; to relate; to teach. \ (v. t.) To put under the influence of a spell; to affect by a spell; to bewitch; to fascinate; to charm. \ (v. t.) To constitute; to measure. \ (v. t.) To tell or name in their proper order letters of, as a word; to write or print in order the letters of, esp. the proper letters; to form, as words, by correct orthography. \ (v. t.) To discover by characters or marks; to read with difficulty; -- usually with out, to spell out the sense of an author; to spell out a verse in the Bible. \ (v. i.) To form words with letters, esp. with the proper letters, either orally or in writing. \ (v. i.) To study by noting characters; to gain knowledge or learn the meaning of anything, by study.
insert attitude (n.) The posture, action, or disposition of a figure or a statue. \ (n.) The posture or position of a person or an animal, or the manner in which the parts of his body are disposed; position assumed or studied to serve a purpose; as, a threatening attitude; an attitude of entreaty. \ (n.) Fig.: Position as indicating action, feeling, or mood, in times of trouble let a nation preserve a firm attitude; one's mental attitude in respect to religion.
insert reading (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Read \ (n.) The act of one who reads; perusal; also, printed or written matter to be read. \ (n.) Study of books; literary scholarship; as, a man of extensive reading. \ (n.) A lecture or prelection; public recital. \ (n.) The way in which anything reads; force of a word or passage presented by a documentary authority; lection; version. \ (n.) Manner of reciting, or acting a part, on the stage; way of rendering. \ (n.) An observation read from the scale of a graduated instrument, the reading of a barometer. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the act of reading; used in reading. \ (a.) Addicted to reading, a reading community.
insert housework (n.) The work belonging to housekeeping; especially, kitchen work, sweeping, scrubbing, bed making, and the like.
insert tank n. a large container for holding liquids; a heavy military vehicle with guns \ (n.) A small Indian dry measure, averaging 240 grains in weight; also, a Bombay weight of 72 grains, for pearls. \ (n.) A large basin or cistern; an artificial receptacle for liquids. \ (n.) A pond, pool, or small lake, natural or artificial.
insert power n. the ability to control or direct others; control; strength; ruling force; force or energy used to do work ("Water power turns the wheel.") \ (n.) Same as Poor, the fish. \ (n.) Ability to act, regarded as latent or inherent; the faculty of doing or performing something; capacity for action or performance; capability of producing an effect, whether physical or moral: potency; might; as, a man of great power; the power of capillary attraction; money gives power. \ (n.) Ability, regarded as put forth or exerted, force, or energy in action, the power of steam in moving an engine; the power of truth, or of argument, in producing conviction; the power of enthusiasm. \ (n.) Capacity of undergoing or suffering; fitness to be acted upon; susceptibility; -- called also passive power, great power of endurance. \ (n.) The exercise of a faculty; the employment of strength; the exercise of any kind of control; influence; dominion; sway; command; government. \ (n.) The agent exercising an ability to act; an individual invested with authority; an institution, or government, which exercises control, the great powers of Europe; hence, often, a superhuman agent; a spirit; a divinity. \ (n.) A military or naval force; an army or navy; a great host. \ (n.) A large quantity; a great number, a power o/ good things. \ (n.) The rate at which mechanical energy is exerted or mechanical work performed, as by an engine or other machine, or an animal, working continuously, an engine of twenty horse power. \ (n.) A mechanical agent; that from which useful mechanical energy is derived, water power; steam power; hand power, etc. \ (n.) Applied force; force producing motion or pressure, the power applied at one and of a lever to lift a weight at the other end. \ (n.) A machine acted upon by an animal, and serving as a motor to drive other machinery, a dog power. \ (n.) The product arising from the multiplication of a number into itself, a square is the second power, and a cube is third power, of a number. \ (n.) Mental or moral ability to act; one of the faculties which are possessed by the mind or soul, the power of thinking, reasoning, judging, willing, fearing, hoping, etc. \ (n.) The degree to which a lens, mirror, or any optical instrument, magnifies; in the telescope, and usually in the microscope, the number of times it multiplies, or augments, the apparent diameter of an object; sometimes, in microscopes, the number of times it multiplies the apparent surface. \ (n.) An authority enabling a person to dispose of an interest vested either in himself or in another person; ownership by appointment. \ (n.) Hence, vested authority to act in a given case, the business was referred to a committee with power.
insert asparagus (n.) A genus of perennial plants belonging to the natural order Liliaceae, and having erect much branched stems, and very slender branchlets which are sometimes mistaken for leaves. Asparagus racemosus is a shrubby climbing plant with fragrant flowers. Specifically: The Asparagus officinalis, a species cultivated in gardens. \ (n.) The young and tender shoots of A. officinalis, which form a valuable and well-known article of food.
insert bread n. a food made from grain \ (a.) To spread. \ (n.) An article of food made from flour or meal by moistening, kneading, and baking. \ (n.) Food; sustenance; support of life, in general. \ (v. t.) To cover with bread crumbs, preparatory to cooking; as, breaded cutlets.
insert statement (n.) The act of stating, reciting, or presenting, orally or in paper; as, to interrupt a speaker in the statement of his case. \ (n.) That which is stated; a formal embodiment in language of facts or opinions; a narrative; a recital.
insert excuse v. to take away blame; to pardon; to forgive; n. a reason (sometimes false) for an action \ (v. t.) To free from accusation, or the imputation of fault or blame; to clear from guilt; to release from a charge; to justify by extenuating a fault; to exculpate; to absolve; to acquit. \ (v. t.) To pardon, as a fault; to forgive entirely, or to admit to be little censurable, and to overlook; as, we excuse irregular conduct, when extraordinary circumstances appear to justify it. \ (v. t.) To regard with indulgence; to view leniently or to overlook; to pardon. \ (v. t.) To free from an impending obligation or duty; hence, to disengage; to dispense with; to release by favor; also, to remit by favor; not to exact, to excuse a forfeiture. \ (v. t.) To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for. \ (v. t.) The act of excusing, apologizing, exculpating, pardoning, releasing, and the like; acquittal; release; absolution; justification; extenuation. \ (v. t.) That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology, an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment. \ (v. t.) That which excuses; that which extenuates or justifies a fault.
insert former ad. earlier in time; not now \ (n.) One who forms; a maker; a creator. \ (n.) A shape around which an article is to be shaped, molded, woven wrapped, pasted, or otherwise constructed. \ (n.) A templet, pattern, or gauge by which an article is shaped. \ (n.) A cutting die. \ (a.) Preceding in order of time; antecedent; previous; prior; earlier; hence, ancient; long past. \ (a.) Near the beginning; preceeding; as, the former part of a discourse or argument. \ (a.) Earlier, as between two things mentioned together; first mentioned.
insert single ad. one only \ (a.) One only, as distinguished from more than one; consisting of one alone; individual; separate; as, a single star. \ (a.) Alone; having no companion. \ (a.) Hence, unmarried, a single man or woman. \ (a.) Not doubled, twisted together, or combined with others, a single thread; a single strand of a rope. \ (a.) Performed by one person, or one on each side, a single combat. \ (a.) Uncompounded; pure; unmixed. \ (a.) Not deceitful or artful; honest; sincere. \ (a.) Simple; not wise; weak; silly. \ (v. t.) To select, as an individual person or thing, from among a number; to choose out from others; to separate. \ (v. t.) To sequester; to withdraw; to retire. \ (v. t.) To take alone, or one by one. \ (v. i.) To take the irrregular gait called single-foot;- said of a horse. See Single-foot. \ (n.) A unit; one, to score a single. \ (n.) The reeled filaments of silk, twisted without doubling to give them firmness. \ (n.) A handful of gleaned grain. \ (n.) A game with but one player on each side; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) A hit by a batter which enables him to reach first base only.
insert cushion (n.) A case or bag stuffed with some soft and elastic material, and used to sit or recline upon; a soft pillow or pad. \ (n.) Anything resembling a cushion in properties or use \ (n.) a pad on which gilders cut gold leaf \ (n.) a mass of steam in the end of the cylinder of a steam engine to receive the impact of the piston \ (n.) the elastic edge of a billiard table. \ (n.) A riotous kind of dance, formerly common at weddings; -- called also cushion dance. \ (v. t.) To seat or place on, or as on a cushion. \ (v. t.) To furnish with cushions; as, to cushion a chaise. \ (v. t.) To conceal or cover up, as under a cushion.
insert tear v. to pull apart, often by force \ (n.) A drop of the limpid, saline fluid secreted, normally in small amount, by the lachrymal gland, and diffused between the eye and the eyelids to moisten the parts and facilitate their motion. Ordinarily the secretion passes through the lachrymal duct into the nose, but when it is increased by emotion or other causes, it overflows the lids. \ (n.) Something in the form of a transparent drop of fluid matter; also, a solid, transparent, tear-shaped drop, as of some balsams or resins. \ (n.) That which causes or accompanies tears; a lament; a dirge. \ (v. t.) To separate by violence; to pull apart by force; to rend; to lacerate; as, to tear cloth; to tear a garment; to tear the skin or flesh. \ (v. t.) Hence, to divide by violent measures; to disrupt, a party or government torn by factions. \ (v. t.) To rend away; to force away; to remove by force; to sunder, a child torn from its home. \ (v. t.) To pull with violence, to tear the hair. \ (v. t.) To move violently; to agitate. \ (v. i.) To divide or separate on being pulled; to be rent, this cloth tears easily. \ (v. i.) To move and act with turbulent violence; to rush with violence; hence, to rage; to rave. \ (n.) The act of tearing, or the state of being torn; a rent; a fissure. \ (n.) A partially vitrified bit of clay in glass.
insert wave v. to move or cause to move one way and the other, as a flag in the wind; to signal by moving the hand one way and the other; n. a large mass of water that forms and moves on the surface of a lake or ocean \ (v. t.) See Waive. \ (v. i.) To play loosely; to move like a wave, one way and the other; to float; to flutter; to undulate. \ (v. i.) To be moved to and fro as a signal. \ (v. i.) To fluctuate; to waver; to be in an unsettled state; to vacillate. \ (v. t.) To move one way and the other; to brandish. \ (v. t.) To raise into inequalities of surface; to give an undulating form a surface to. \ (v. t.) To move like a wave, or by floating; to waft. \ (v. t.) To call attention to, or give a direction or command to, by a waving motion, as of the hand; to signify by waving; to beckon; to signal; to indicate. \ (v. i.) An advancing ridge or swell on the surface of a liquid, as of the sea, resulting from the oscillatory motion of the particles composing it when disturbed by any force their position of rest; an undulation. \ (v. i.) A vibration propagated from particle to particle through a body or elastic medium, as in the transmission of sound; an assemblage of vibrating molecules in all phases of a vibration, with no phase repeated; a wave of vibration; an undulation. See Undulation. \ (v. i.) Water; a body of water. \ (v. i.) Unevenness; inequality of surface. \ (v. i.) A waving or undulating motion; a signal made with the hand, a flag, etc. \ (v. i.) The undulating line or streak of luster on cloth watered, or calendered, or on damask steel. \ (v. i.) Fig.: A swelling or excitement of thought, feeling, or energy; a tide; as, waves of enthusiasm. \ (n.) Woe. \ (n.) Something resembling or likened to a water wave, as in rising unusually high, in being of unusual extent, or in progressive motion; a swelling or excitement, as of feeling or energy; flood; period of intensity, usual activity, or the like, a wave of enthusiasm.
insert color n. the different effects of light on the eye, making blue, red, brown, black, yellow and others \ (n.) A property depending on the relations of light to the eye, by which individual and specific differences in the hues and tints of objects are apprehended in vision; as, gay colors; sad colors, etc. \ (n.) Any hue distinguished from white or black. \ (n.) The hue or color characteristic of good health and spirits; ruddy complexion. \ (n.) That which is used to give color; a paint; a pigment, oil colors or water colors. \ (n.) That which covers or hides the real character of anything; semblance; excuse; disguise; appearance. \ (n.) Shade or variety of character; kind; species. \ (n.) A distinguishing badge, as a flag or similar symbol (usually in the plural), the colors or color of a ship or regiment; the colors of a race horse (that is, of the cap and jacket worn by the jockey). \ (n.) An apparent right; as where the defendant in trespass gave to the plaintiff an appearance of title, by stating his title specially, thus removing the cause from the jury to the court. \ (v. t.) To change or alter the hue or tint of, by dyeing, staining, painting, etc.; to dye; to tinge; to paint; to stain. \ (v. t.) To change or alter, as if by dyeing or painting; to give a false appearance to; usually, to give a specious appearance to; to cause to appear attractive; to make plausible; to palliate or excuse, the facts were colored by his prejudices. \ (v. t.) To hide. \ (v. i.) To acquire color; to turn red, especially in the face; to blush.
insert giant (n.) A man of extraordinari bulk and stature. \ (n.) A person of extraordinary strength or powers, bodily or intellectual. \ (n.) Any animal, plant, or thing, of extraordinary size or power. \ (a.) Like a giant; extraordinary in size, strength, or power; as, giant brothers; a giant son.
insert Christ (n.) The Anointed; an appellation given to Jesus, the Savior. It is synonymous with the Hebrew Messiah.
insert nineteen (a.) Nine and ten; eighteen and one more; one less than twenty; as, nineteen months. \ (n.) The number greater than eighteen by a unit; the sum of ten and nine; nineteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol for nineteen units, as 19 or xix.
insert stewardess (n.) A female steward; specifically, a woman employed in passenger vessels to attend to the wants of female passengers.
insert clever (a.) Possessing quickness of intellect, skill, dexterity, talent, or adroitness; expert. \ (a.) Showing skill or adroitness in the doer or former; as, a clever speech; a clever trick. \ (a.) Having fitness, propriety, or suitableness. \ (a.) Well-shaped; handsome. \ (a.) Good-natured; obliging.
insert float v. to be on water without sinking; to move or be moved gently on water or through air \ (v. i.) Anything which floats or rests on the surface of a fluid, as to sustain weight, or to indicate the height of the surface, or mark the place of, something. \ (v. i.) A mass of timber or boards fastened together, and conveyed down a stream by the current; a raft. \ (v. i.) The hollow, metallic ball of a self-acting faucet, which floats upon the water in a cistern or boiler. \ (v. i.) The cork or quill used in angling, to support the bait line, and indicate the bite of a fish. \ (v. i.) Anything used to buoy up whatever is liable to sink; an inflated bag or pillow used by persons learning to swim; a life preserver. \ (v. i.) A float board. See Float board (below). \ (v. i.) A contrivance for affording a copious stream of water to the heated surface of an object of large bulk, as an anvil or die. \ (v. i.) The act of flowing; flux; flow. \ (v. i.) A quantity of earth, eighteen feet square and one foot deep. \ (v. i.) The trowel or tool with which the floated coat of plastering is leveled and smoothed. \ (v. i.) A polishing block used in marble working; a runner. \ (v. i.) A single-cut file for smoothing; a tool used by shoemakers for rasping off pegs inside a shoe. \ (v. i.) A coal cart. \ (v. i.) The sea; a wave. See Flote, n. \ (n.) To rest on the surface of any fluid; to swim; to be buoyed up. \ (n.) To move quietly or gently on the water, as a raft; to drift along; to move or glide without effort or impulse on the surface of a fluid, or through the air. \ (v. t.) To cause to float; to cause to rest or move on the surface of a fluid; as, the tide floated the ship into the harbor. \ (v. t.) To flood; to overflow; to cover with water. \ (v. t.) To pass over and level the surface of with a float while the plastering is kept wet. \ (v. t.) To support and sustain the credit of, as a commercial scheme or a joint-stock company, so as to enable it to go into, or continue in, operation.
insert blanket n. a cloth cover used to keep warm \ (a.) A heavy, loosely woven fabric, usually of wool, and having a nap, used in bed clothing; also, a similar fabric used as a robe; or any fabric used as a cover for a horse. \ (a.) A piece of rubber, felt, or woolen cloth, used in the tympan to make it soft and elastic. \ (a.) A streak or layer of blubber in whales. \ (v. t.) To cover with a blanket. \ (v. t.) To toss in a blanket by way of punishment. \ (v. t.) To take the wind out of the sails of (another vessel) by sailing to windward of her.
insert people n. any group of persons; all the persons of a group, race, religion or nation ("the American people") \ (n.) The body of persons who compose a community, tribe, nation, or race; an aggregate of individuals forming a whole; a community; a nation. \ (n.) Persons, generally; an indefinite number of men and women; folks; population, or part of population; as, country people; -- sometimes used as an indefinite subject or verb, like on in French, and man in German, people in adversity. \ (n.) The mass of comunity as distinguished from a special class; the commonalty; the populace; the vulgar; the common crowd, nobles and people. \ (n.) One's ancestors or family; kindred; relations, my people were English. \ (n.) One's subjects; fellow citizens; companions; followers. \ (v. t.) To stock with people or inhabitants; to fill as with people; to populate.
insert sickness n. the condition of being in bad health \ (n.) The quality or state of being sick or diseased; illness; sisease or malady. \ (n.) Nausea; qualmishness; as, sickness of stomach.
insert wheel n. a round structure that turns around a center \ (n.) A circular frame turning about an axis; a rotating disk, whether solid, or a frame composed of an outer rim, spokes or radii, and a central hub or nave, in which is inserted the axle, -- used for supporting and conveying vehicles, in machinery, and for various purposes; as, the wheel of a wagon, of a locomotive, of a mill, of a watch, etc. \ (n.) Any instrument having the form of, or chiefly consisting of, a wheel. \ (n.) A spinning wheel. See under Spinning. \ (n.) An instrument of torture formerly used. \ (n.) A circular frame having handles on the periphery, and an axle which is so connected with the tiller as to form a means of controlling the rudder for the purpose of steering. \ (n.) A potter's wheel. See under Potter. \ (n.) A firework which, while burning, is caused to revolve on an axis by the reaction of the escaping gases. \ (n.) The burden or refrain of a song. \ (n.) A bicycle or a tricycle; a velocipede. \ (n.) A rolling or revolving body; anything of a circular form; a disk; an orb. \ (n.) A turn revolution; rotation; compass. \ (v. t.) To convey on wheels, or in a wheeled vehicle, to wheel a load of hay or wood. \ (v. t.) To put into a rotatory motion; to cause to turn or revolve; to cause to gyrate; to make or perform in a circle. \ (v. i.) To turn on an axis, or as on an axis; to revolve; to more about; to rotate; to gyrate. \ (v. i.) To change direction, as if revolving upon an axis or pivot; to turn, the troops wheeled to the right. \ (v. i.) To go round in a circuit; to fetch a compass. \ (v. i.) To roll forward.
insert elsewhere (adv.) In any other place; as, these trees are not to be found elsewhere. \ (adv.) In some other place; in other places, indefinitely, it is reported in town and elsewhere.
insert wheat n. a grain used to make bread; the plant that produces the grain \ (n.) A cereal grass (Triticum vulgare) and its grain, which furnishes a white flour for bread, and, next to rice, is the grain most largely used by the human race.
insert handle (v. t.) To touch; to feel with the hand; to use or hold with the hand. \ (v. t.) To manage in using, as a spade or a musket; to wield; often, to manage skillfully. \ (v. t.) To accustom to the hand; to work upon, or take care of, with the hands. \ (v. t.) To receive and transfer; to have pass through one's hands; hence, to buy and sell; as, a merchant handles a variety of goods, or a large stock. \ (v. t.) To deal with; to make a business of. \ (v. t.) To treat; to use, well or ill. \ (v. t.) To manage; to control; to practice skill upon. \ (v. t.) To use or manage in writing or speaking; to treat, as a theme, an argument, or an objection. \ (v. i.) To use the hands. \ (n.) That part of vessels, instruments, etc., which is held in the hand when used or moved, as the haft of a sword, the knob of a door, the bail of a kettle, etc. \ (n.) That of which use is made; the instrument for effecting a purpose; a tool.
insert ahead (adv.) In or to the front; in advance; onward. \ (adv.) Headlong; without restraint.
insert olive (n.) A tree (Olea Europaea) with small oblong or elliptical leaves, axillary clusters of flowers, and oval, one-seeded drupes. The tree has been cultivated for its fruit for thousands of years, and its branches are the emblems of peace. The wood is yellowish brown and beautifully variegated. \ (n.) The fruit of the olive. It has been much improved by cultivation, and is used for making pickles. Olive oil is pressed from its flesh. \ (n.) Any shell of the genus Oliva and allied genera; -- so called from the form. See Oliva. \ (n.) The oyster catcher. \ (n.) The color of the olive, a peculiar dark brownish, yellowish, or tawny green. \ (n.) One of the tertiary colors, composed of violet and green mixed in equal strength and proportion. \ (n.) An olivary body. See under Olivary. \ (n.) A small slice of meat seasoned, rolled up, and cooked; as, olives of beef or veal. \ (a.) Approaching the color of the olive; of a peculiar dark brownish, or tawny green.
insert type (n.) The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign; emblem. \ (n.) Form or character impressed; style; semblance. \ (n.) A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign; a symbol; -- correlative to antitype. \ (n.) That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the representative. \ (n.) A general form or structure common to a number of individuals; hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group, combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a species, or other group. Also, a group or division of animals having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body maintained within the group. \ (n.) The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on the face of a medal or a coin. \ (n.) A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from which they may be actually or theoretically derived. \ (n.) A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in metal or cut in wood, used in printing. \ (n.) Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of such letters or characters, however disposed. \ (v. t.) To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure. \ (v. t.) To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify.
insert ever ad. at any time \ (adv.) At any time; at any period or point of time. \ (adv.) At all times; through all time; always; forever. \ (adv.) Without cessation; continually.
insert deer (n. sing. & pl.) Any animal; especially, a wild animal. \ (n. sing. & pl.) A ruminant of the genus Cervus, of many species, and of related genera of the family Cervidae. The males, and in some species the females, have solid antlers, often much branched, which are shed annually. Their flesh, for which they are hunted, is called venison.
insert policeman (n.) A member of a body of police; a constable.
insert cheap (n.) A bargain; a purchase; cheapness. \ (n.) Having a low price in market; of small cost or price, as compared with the usual price or the real value. \ (n.) Of comparatively small value; common; mean. \ (adv.) Cheaply. \ (v. i.) To buy; to bargain.
insert history n. the written record or description of past events; the study of the past \ (n.) A learning or knowing by inquiry; the knowledge of facts and events, so obtained; hence, a formal statement of such information; a narrative; a description; a written record; as, the history of a patient's case; the history of a legislative bill. \ (n.) A systematic, written account of events, particularly of those affecting a nation, institution, science, or art, and usually connected with a philosophical explanation of their causes; a true story, as distinguished from a romance; -- distinguished also from annals, which relate simply the facts and events of each year, in strict chronological order; from biography, which is the record of an individual's life; and from memoir, which is history composed from personal experience, observation, and memory. \ (v. t.) To narrate or record.
insert personality (n.) That which constitutes distinction of person; individuality. \ (n.) Something said or written which refers to the person, conduct, etc., of some individual, especially something of a disparaging or offensive nature; personal remarks; as, indulgence in personalities. \ (n.) That quality of a law which concerns the condition, state, and capacity of persons.
insert suffer v. to feel pain in the body or mind; to receive or experience hurt or sadness \ (v. t.) To feel, or endure, with pain, annoyance, etc.; to submit to with distress or grief; to undergo; as, to suffer pain of body, or grief of mind. \ (v. t.) To endure or undergo without sinking; to support; to sustain; to bear up under. \ (v. t.) To undergo; to be affected by; to experience, most substances suffer a change when long exposed to air and moisture; to suffer loss or damage. \ (v. t.) To allow; to permit; not to forbid or hinder; to tolerate. \ (v. i.) To feel or undergo pain of body or mind; to bear what is inconvenient, we suffer from pain, sickness, or sorrow; we suffer with anxiety. \ (v. i.) To undergo punishment; specifically, to undergo the penalty of death. \ (v. i.) To be injured; to sustain loss or damage.
insert dare (v. i.) To have adequate or sufficient courage for any purpose; to be bold or venturesome; not to be afraid; to venture. \ (v. t.) To have courage for; to attempt courageously; to venture to do or to undertake. \ (v. t.) To challenge; to provoke; to defy. \ (n.) The quality of daring; venturesomeness; boldness; dash. \ (n.) Defiance; challenge. \ (v. i.) To lurk; to lie hid. \ (v. t.) To terrify; to daunt. \ (n.) A small fish; the dace.
insert sixteen (a.) Six and ten; consisting of six and ten; fifteen and one more. \ (n.) The number greater by a unit than fifteen; the sum of ten and six; sixteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing sixteen units, as 16, or xvi.
insert funny (superl.) Droll; comical; amusing; laughable. \ (n.) A clinkerbuit, narrow boat for sculling.
insert painting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Paint \ (n.) The act or employment of laying on, or adorning with, paints or colors. \ (n.) The work of the painter; also, any work of art in which objects are represented in color on a flat surface; a colored representation of any object or scene; a picture. \ (n.) Color laid on; paint. \ (n.) A depicting by words; vivid representation in words.
insert favor (n.) Kind regard; propitious aspect; countenance; friendly disposition; kindness; good will. \ (n.) The act of countenancing, or the condition of being countenanced, or regarded propitiously; support; promotion; befriending. \ (n.) A kind act or office; kindness done or granted; benevolence shown by word or deed; an act of grace or good will, as distinct from justice or remuneration. \ (n.) Mildness or mitigation of punishment; lenity. \ (n.) The object of regard; person or thing favored. \ (n.) A gift or represent; something bestowed as an evidence of good will; a token of love; a knot of ribbons; something worn as a token of affection; as, a marriage favor is a bunch or knot of white ribbons or white flowers worn at a wedding. \ (n.) Appearance; look; face. \ (n.) Partiality; bias. \ (n.) A letter or epistle; -- so called in civility or compliment, your favor of yesterday is received. \ (n.) Love locks. \ (n.) To regard with kindness; to support; to aid, or to have the disposition to aid, or to wish success to; to be propitious to; to countenance; to treat with consideration or tenderness; to show partiality or unfair bias towards. \ (n.) To afford advantages for success to; to facilitate, a weak place favored the entrance of the enemy. \ (n.) To resemble in features; to have the aspect or looks of, the child favors his father.
insert catch v. to seize after a chase; to stop and seize with the hands \ (v. t.) To lay hold on; to seize, especially with the hand; to grasp (anything) in motion, with the effect of holding; as, to catch a ball. \ (v. t.) To seize after pursuing; to arrest, to catch a thief. \ (v. t.) To take captive, as in a snare or net, or on a hook, to catch a bird or fish. \ (v. t.) Hence: To insnare; to entangle. \ (v. t.) To seize with the senses or the mind; to apprehend, to catch a melody. \ (v. t.) To communicate to; to fasten upon, the fire caught the adjoining building. \ (v. t.) To engage and attach; to please; to charm. \ (v. t.) To get possession of; to attain. \ (v. t.) To take or receive; esp. to take by sympathy, contagion, infection, or exposure, to catch the spirit of an occasion; to catch the measles or smallpox; to catch cold; the house caught fire. \ (v. t.) To come upon unexpectedly or by surprise; to find, to catch one in the act of stealing. \ (v. t.) To reach in time; to come up with, to catch a train. \ (v. i.) To attain possession. \ (v. i.) To be held or impeded by entanglement or a light obstruction, a kite catches in a tree; a door catches so as not to open. \ (v. i.) To take hold, the bolt does not catch. \ (v. i.) To spread by, or as by, infecting; to communicate. \ (n.) Act of seizing; a grasp. \ (n.) That by which anything is caught or temporarily fastened, the catch of a gate. \ (n.) The posture of seizing; a state of preparation to lay hold of, or of watching he opportunity to seize, to lie on the catch. \ (n.) That which is caught or taken; profit; gain; especially, the whole quantity caught or taken at one time, a good catch of fish. \ (n.) Something desirable to be caught, esp. a husband or wife in matrimony. \ (n.) Passing opportunities seized; snatches. \ (n.) A slight remembrance; a trace. \ (n.) A humorous canon or round, so contrived that the singers catch up each other's words.
insert all ad. everything; everyone; the complete amount \ (a.) The whole quantity, extent, duration, amount, quality, or degree of; the whole; the whole number of; any whatever; every; as, all the wheat; all the land; all the year; all the strength; all happiness; all abundance; loss of all power; beyond all doubt; you will see us all (or all of us). \ (a.) Any. \ (a.) Only; alone; nothing but. \ (adv.) Wholly; completely; altogether; entirely; quite; very, all bedewed; my friend is all for amusement. \ (adv.) Even; just. (Often a mere intensive adjunct.) \ (n.) The whole number, quantity, or amount; the entire thing; everything included or concerned; the aggregate; totality; everything or every person, our all is at stake. \ (conj.) Although; albeit.
insert drown v. to die under water \ (v. i.) To be suffocated in water or other fluid; to perish in water. \ (v. t.) To overwhelm in water; to submerge; to inundate. \ (v. t.) To deprive of life by immersion in water or other liquid. \ (v. t.) To overpower; to overcome; to extinguish; -- said especially of sound.
insert pen (n.) A feather. \ (n.) A wing. \ (n.) An instrument used for writing with ink, formerly made of a reed, or of the quill of a goose or other bird, but now also of other materials, as of steel, gold, etc. Also, originally, a stylus or other instrument for scratching or graving. \ (n.) Fig.: A writer, or his style; as, he has a sharp pen. \ (n.) The internal shell of a squid. \ (n.) A female swan. \ (v. t.) To write; to compose and commit to paper; to indite; to compose, to pen a sonnet. \ (n. & v.) To shut up, as in a pen or cage; to confine in a small inclosure or narrow space; to coop up, or shut in; to inclose. \ (n.) A small inclosure, a pen for sheep or for pigs.
insert automobile n. a vehicle with wheels used to carry people; a car \ (n.) An automobile vehicle or mechanism; esp., a self-propelled vehicle suitable for use on a street or roadway. Automobiles are usually propelled by internal combustion engines (using volatile inflammable liquids, as gasoline or petrol, alcohol, naphtha, etc.), steam engines, or electric motors. The power of the driving motor varies from about 4 to 50 H. P. for ordinary vehicles, ranging from the run-about to the touring car, up to as high as 200 H. P. for specially built racing cars. Automobiles are also commonly, and generally in British usage, called motor cars.
insert writer (n.) One who writes, or has written; a scribe; a clerk. \ (n.) One who is engaged in literary composition as a profession; an author; as, a writer of novels. \ (n.) A clerk of a certain rank in the service of the late East India Company, who, after serving a certain number of years, became a factor.
insert swing (v. i.) To move to and fro, as a body suspended in the air; to wave; to vibrate; to oscillate. \ (v. i.) To sway or move from one side or direction to another; as, the door swung open. \ (v. i.) To use a swing, a boy swings for exercise or pleasure. See Swing, n., 3. \ (n.) To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor, a ship swings with the tide. \ (n.) To be hanged. \ (v. t.) To cause to swing or vibrate; to cause to move backward and forward, or from one side to the other. \ (v. t.) To give a circular movement to; to whirl; to brandish, to swing a sword; to swing a club; hence, colloquially, to manage, to swing a business. \ (v. t.) To admit or turn (anything) for the purpose of shaping it; -- said of a lathe, the lathe can swing a pulley of 12 inches diameter. \ (n.) The act of swinging; a waving, oscillating, or vibratory motion of a hanging or pivoted object; oscillation, the swing of a pendulum. \ (n.) Swaying motion from one side or direction to the other, some men walk with a swing. \ (n.) A line, cord, or other thing suspended and hanging loose, upon which anything may swing; especially, an apparatus for recreation by swinging, commonly consisting of a rope, the two ends of which are attached overhead, as to the bough of a tree, a seat being placed in the loop at the bottom; also, any contrivance by which a similar motion is produced for amusement or exercise. \ (n.) Influence of power of a body put in swaying motion. \ (n.) Capacity of a turning lathe, as determined by the diameter of the largest object that can be turned in it. \ (n.) Free course; unrestrained liberty or license; tendency.
insert pencil (n.) A small, fine brush of hair or bristles used by painters for laying on colors. \ (n.) A slender cylinder or strip of black lead, colored chalk, slate etc., or such a cylinder or strip inserted in a small wooden rod intended to be pointed, or in a case, which forms a handle, -- used for drawing or writing. See Graphite. \ (n.) Hence, figuratively, an artist's ability or peculiar manner; also, in general, the act or occupation of the artist, descriptive writer, etc. \ (n.) An aggregate or collection of rays of light, especially when diverging from, or converging to, a point. \ (n.) A number of lines that intersect in one point, the point of intersection being called the pencil point. \ (n.) A small medicated bougie. \ (v. t.) To write or mark with a pencil; to paint or to draw.
insert an This word is properly an adjective, but is commonly called the indefinite article. It is used before nouns of the singular number only, and signifies one, or any, but somewhat less emphatically. In such expressions as "twice an hour," "once an age," a shilling an ounce (see 2d A, 2), it has a distributive force, and is equivalent to each, every. \ (conj.) If; -- a word used by old English authors.
insert map n. a picture of the earth's surface or a part of it \ (n.) A representation of the surface of the earth, or of some portion of it, showing the relative position of the parts represented; -- usually on a flat surface. Also, such a representation of the celestial sphere, or of some part of it. \ (n.) Anything which represents graphically a succession of events, states, or acts; as, an historical map. \ (v. t.) To represent by a map; -- often with out, to survey and map, or map out, a county. Hence, figuratively: To represent or indicate systematically and clearly; to sketch; to plan, to map, a journey; to map out business.
insert discover v. to find or learn something \ (v. t.) To uncover. \ (v. t.) To disclose; to lay open to view; to make visible; to reveal; to make known; to show (what has been secret, unseen, or unknown). \ (v. t.) To obtain for the first time sight or knowledge of, as of a thing existing already, but not perceived or known; to find; to ascertain; to espy; to detect. \ (v. t.) To manifest without design; to show. \ (v. t.) To explore; to examine. \ (v. i.) To discover or show one's self.
insert similar ad. like something else but not exactly the same \ (a.) Exactly corresponding; resembling in all respects; precisely like. \ (a.) Nearly corresponding; resembling in many respects; somewhat like; having a general likeness. \ (a.) Homogenous; uniform. \ (n.) That which is similar to, or resembles, something else, as in quality, form, etc.
insert society (n.) The relationship of men to one another when associated in any way; companionship; fellowship; company. \ (n.) Connection; participation; partnership. \ (n.) A number of persons associated for any temporary or permanent object; an association for mutual or joint usefulness, pleasure, or profit; a social union; a partnership; as, a missionary society. \ (n.) The persons, collectively considered, who live in any region or at any period; any community of individuals who are united together by a common bond of nearness or intercourse; those who recognize each other as associates, friends, and acquaintances. \ (n.) Specifically, the more cultivated portion of any community in its social relations and influences; those who mutually give receive formal entertainments.
insert herself (pron.) An emphasized form of the third person feminine pronoun; -- used as a subject with she; as, she herself will bear the blame; also used alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case, it is herself; she blames herself. \ (pron.) Her own proper, true, or real character; hence, her right, or sane, mind, the woman was deranged, but she is now herself again; she has come to herself.
insert hundred (n.) The product of ten mulitplied by ten, or the number of ten times ten; a collection or sum, consisting of ten times ten units or objects; five score. Also, a symbol representing one hundred units, as 100 or C. \ (n.) A division of a country in England, supposed to have originally contained a hundred families, or freemen. \ (a.) Ten times ten; five score; as, a hundred dollars.
insert servant (n.) One who serves, or does services, voluntarily or on compulsion; a person who is employed by another for menial offices, or for other labor, and is subject to his command; a person who labors or exerts himself for the benefit of another, his master or employer; a subordinate helper. \ (n.) One in a state of subjection or bondage. \ (n.) A professed lover or suitor; a gallant. \ (v. t.) To subject.
insert student (n.) A person engaged in study; one who is devoted to learning; a learner; a pupil; a scholar; especially, one who attends a school, or who seeks knowledge from professional teachers or from books; as, the students of an academy, a college, or a university; a medical student; a hard student. \ (n.) One who studies or examines in any manner; an attentive and systematic observer, a student of human nature, or of physical nature.
insert calm ad. quiet; peaceful; opposite tense \ (n.) Freedom from motion, agitation, or disturbance; a cessation or absence of that which causes motion or disturbance, as of winds or waves; tranquility; stillness; quiet; serenity. \ (n.) To make calm; to render still or quiet, as elements; as, to calm the winds. \ (n.) To deliver from agitation or excitement; to still or soothe, as the mind or passions. \ (super.) Not stormy; without motion; still; serene; undisturbed. \ (super.) Undisturbed by passion or emotion; not agitated or excited; tranquil; quiet in act or speech.
insert money n. pieces of metal or paper used to pay for things \ (n.) A piece of metal, as gold, silver, copper, etc., coined, or stamped, and issued by the sovereign authority as a medium of exchange in financial transactions between citizens and with government; also, any number of such pieces; coin. \ (n.) Any written or stamped promise, certificate, or order, as a government note, a bank note, a certificate of deposit, which is payable in standard coined money and is lawfully current in lieu of it; in a comprehensive sense, any currency usually and lawfully employed in buying and selling. \ (n.) In general, wealth; property; as, he has much money in land, or in stocks; to make, or lose, money. \ (v. t.) To supply with money. \ Silver coins or money of the nominal value of 1d., 2d., 3d., and 4d., struck annually for the Maundy alms.
insert coal n. a solid black substance used as fuel \ (n.) A thoroughly charred, and extinguished or still ignited, fragment from wood or other combustible substance; charcoal. \ (n.) A black, or brownish black, solid, combustible substance, dug from beds or veins in the earth to be used for fuel, and consisting, like charcoal, mainly of carbon, but more compact, and often affording, when heated, a large amount of volatile matter. \ (v. t.) To burn to charcoal; to char. \ (v. t.) To mark or delineate with charcoal. \ (v. t.) To supply with coal; as, to coal a steamer. \ (v. i.) To take in coal, the steamer coaled at Southampton.
insert visa (n.) See Vis/. \ (v. t.) To indorse, after examination, with the word vise, as a passport; to vise.
insert difficulty (n.) The state of being difficult, or hard to do; hardness; arduousness; -- opposed to easiness or facility; as, the difficulty of a task or enterprise; a work of difficulty. \ (n.) Something difficult; a thing hard to do or to understand; that which occasions labor or perplexity, and requires skill and perseverance to overcome, solve, or achieve; a hard enterprise; an obstacle; an impediment, the difficulties of a science; difficulties in theology. \ (n.) A controversy; a falling out; a disagreement; an objection; a cavil. \ (n.) Embarrassment of affairs, especially financial affairs; -- usually in the plural, to be in difficulties.
insert care v. to like; to protect; to feel worry or interest \ (n.) A burdensome sense of responsibility; trouble caused by onerous duties; anxiety; concern; solicitude. \ (n.) Charge, oversight, or management, implying responsibility for safety and prosperity. \ (n.) Attention or heed; caution; regard; heedfulness; watchfulness; as, take care; have a care. \ (n.) The object of watchful attention or anxiety. \ (n.) To be anxious or solicitous; to be concerned; to have regard or interest; -- sometimes followed by an objective of measure.
insert she pro. the girl or woman who is being spoken about \ (obj.) This or that female; the woman understood or referred to; the animal of the female sex, or object personified as feminine, which was spoken of. \ (obj.) A woman; a female; -- used substantively.
insert collector (n.) One who collects things which are separate; esp., one who makes a business or practice of collecting works of art, objects in natural history, etc.; as, a collector of coins. \ (n.) A compiler of books; one who collects scattered passages and puts them together in one book. \ (n.) An officer appointed and commissioned to collect and receive customs, duties, taxes, or toll. \ (n.) One authorized to collect debts. \ (n.) A bachelor of arts in Oxford, formerly appointed to superintend some scholastic proceedings in Lent.
insert bottle n. a container, usually made of glass, to hold liquid \ (n.) A hollow vessel, usually of glass or earthenware (but formerly of leather), with a narrow neck or mouth, for holding liquids. \ (n.) The contents of a bottle; as much as a bottle contains; as, to drink a bottle of wine. \ (n.) Fig.: Intoxicating liquor, to drown one's reason in the bottle. \ (v. t.) To put into bottles; to inclose in, or as in, a bottle or bottles; to keep or restrain as in a bottle, to bottle wine or porter; to bottle up one's wrath. \ (n.) A bundle, esp. of hay.
insert February (n.) The second month in the year, said to have been introduced into the Roman calendar by Numa. In common years this month contains twenty-eight days; in the bissextile, or leap year, it has twenty-nine days.
insert comfortable (a.) Strong; vigorous; valiant. \ (a.) Serviceable; helpful. \ (a.) Affording or imparting comfort or consolation; able to comfort; cheering; as, a comfortable hope. \ (a.) In a condition of comfort; having comforts; not suffering or anxious; hence, contented; cheerful, to lead a comfortable life. \ (a.) Free, or comparatively free, from pain or distress; -- used of a sick person. \ (n.) A stuffed or quilted coverlet for a bed; a comforter; a comfort.
insert left ad. on the side that is toward the west when one is facing north; opposite right \ (imp. & p. p.) of Leave \ (imp. & p. p.) of Leave. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to that side of the body in man on which the muscular action of the limbs is usually weaker than on the other side; -- opposed to right, when used in reference to a part of the body; as, the left hand, or arm; the left ear. Also said of the corresponding side of the lower animals. \ (n.) That part of surrounding space toward which the left side of one's body is turned, the house is on the left when you face North. \ (n.) Those members of a legislative assembly (as in France) who are in the opposition; the advanced republicans and extreme radicals. They have their seats at the left-hand side of the presiding officer. See Center, and Right. \ (a.) Situated so that the left side of the body is toward it, the left side of a deliberative meeting is that to the left of the presiding officer; the left wing of an army is that to the left of the center to one facing an enemy.
insert death (v. i.) The cessation of all vital phenomena without capability of resuscitation, either in animals or plants. \ (v. i.) Total privation or loss; extinction; cessation; as, the death of memory. \ (v. i.) Manner of dying; act or state of passing from life. \ (v. i.) Cause of loss of life. \ (v. i.) Personified: The destroyer of life, -- conventionally represented as a skeleton with a scythe. \ (v. i.) Danger of death. \ (v. i.) Murder; murderous character. \ (v. i.) Loss of spiritual life. \ (v. i.) Anything so dreadful as to be like death.
insert ideal (a.) Existing in idea or thought; conceptional; intellectual; mental; as, ideal knowledge. \ (a.) Reaching an imaginary standard of excellence; fit for a model; faultless, ideal beauty. \ (a.) Existing in fancy or imagination only; visionary; unreal. \ (a.) Teaching the doctrine of idealism, the ideal theory or philosophy. \ (a.) Imaginary. \ (n.) A mental conception regarded as a standard of perfection; a model of excellence, beauty, etc.
insert love v. to like very much; to feel a strong, kind emotion (sometimes involving sex); n. a strong, kind emotion for someone or something; opposite hate \ (n.) A feeling of strong attachment induced by that which delights or commands admiration; preeminent kindness or devotion to another; affection; tenderness; as, the love of brothers and sisters. \ (n.) Especially, devoted attachment to, or tender or passionate affection for, one of the opposite sex. \ (n.) Courtship; -- chiefly in the phrase to make love, i. e., to court, to woo, to solicit union in marriage. \ (n.) Affection; kind feeling; friendship; strong liking or desire; fondness; good will; -- opposed to hate; often with of and an object. \ (n.) Due gratitude and reverence to God. \ (n.) The object of affection; -- often employed in endearing address. \ (n.) Cupid, the god of love; sometimes, Venus. \ (n.) A thin silk stuff. \ (n.) A climbing species of Clematis (C. Vitalba). \ (n.) Nothing; no points scored on one side; -- used in counting score at tennis, etc. \ (n.) To have a feeling of love for; to regard with affection or good will, to love one's children and friends; to love one's country; to love one's God. \ (n.) To regard with passionate and devoted affection, as that of one sex for the other. \ (n.) To take delight or pleasure in; to have a strong liking or desire for, or interest in; to be pleased with; to like, to love books; to love adventures. \ (v. i.) To have the feeling of love; to be in love.
insert compare v. to examine what is different or similar \ (v. t.) To examine the character or qualities of, as of two or more persons or things, for the purpose of discovering their resemblances or differences; to bring into comparison; to regard with discriminating attention. \ (v. t.) To represent as similar, for the purpose of illustration; to liken. \ (v. t.) To inflect according to the degrees of comparison; to state positive, comparative, and superlative forms of; as, most adjectives of one syllable are compared by affixing "- er" and "-est" to the positive form, black, blacker, blackest; those of more than one syllable are usually compared by prefixing "more" and "most", or "less" and "least", to the positive, beautiful, more beautiful, most beautiful. \ (v. i.) To be like or equal; to admit, or be worthy of, comparison, his later work does not compare with his earlier. \ (v. i.) To vie; to assume a likeness or equality. \ (n.) Comparison. \ (n.) Illustration by comparison; simile. \ (v. t.) To get; to procure; to obtain; to acquire
insert charge v. to accuse someone of something, usually a crime; n. a statement in which someone is accused of something
insert music n. the making of sounds by singing or using a musical instrument \ (n.) The science and the art of tones, or musical sounds, i. e., sounds of higher or lower pitch, begotten of uniform and synchronous vibrations, as of a string at various degrees of tension; the science of harmonical tones which treats of the principles of harmony, or the properties, dependences, and relations of tones to each other; the art of combining tones in a manner to please the ear. \ (n.) Melody; a rhythmical and otherwise agreeable succession of tones. \ (n.) Harmony; an accordant combination of simultaneous tones. \ (n.) The written and printed notation of a musical composition; the score. \ (n.) Love of music; capacity of enjoying music. \ (n.) A more or less musical sound made by many of the lower animals. See Stridulation.
insert field n. an area of open land, usually used to grow crops or to raise animals \ (n.) Cleared land; land suitable for tillage or pasture; cultivated ground; the open country. \ (n.) A piece of land of considerable size; esp., a piece inclosed for tillage or pasture. \ (n.) A place where a battle is fought; also, the battle itself. \ (n.) An open space; an extent; an expanse. \ (n.) Any blank space or ground on which figures are drawn or projected. \ (n.) The space covered by an optical instrument at one view. \ (n.) The whole surface of an escutcheon, so much of it is shown unconcealed by the different bearings upon it. See Illust. of Fess, where the field is represented as gules (red), while the fess is argent (silver). \ (n.) An unresticted or favorable opportunity for action, operation, or achievement; province; room. \ (n.) A collective term for all the competitors in any outdoor contest or trial, or for all except the favorites in the betting. \ (n.) That part of the grounds reserved for the players which is outside of the diamond; -- called also outfield. \ (v. i.) To take the field. \ (v. i.) To stand out in the field, ready to catch, stop, or throw the ball. \ (v. t.) To catch, throw, etc. (the ball), as a fielder.
insert encourage (v. t.) To give courage to; to inspire with courage, spirit, or hope; to raise, or to increase, the confidence of; to animate; enhearten; to incite; to help forward; -- the opposite of discourage.
insert orange (n.) The fruit of a tree of the genus Citrus (C. Aurantium). It is usually round, and consists of pulpy carpels, commonly ten in number, inclosed in a leathery rind, which is easily separable, and is reddish yellow when ripe. \ (n.) The tree that bears oranges; the orange tree. \ (n.) The color of an orange; reddish yellow. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to an orange; of the color of an orange; reddish yellow; as, an orange ribbon.
insert win v. to gain a victory; to defeat another or others in a competition, election or battle \ (a.) To gain by superiority in competition or contest; to obtain by victory over competitors or rivals; as, to win the prize in a gate; to win money; to win a battle, or to win a country. \ (a.) To allure to kindness; to bring to compliance; to gain or obtain, as by solicitation or courtship. \ (a.) To gain over to one's side or party; to obtain the favor, friendship, or support of; to render friendly or approving, to win an enemy; to win a jury. \ (a.) To come to by toil or effort; to reach; to overtake. \ (a.) To extract, as ore or coal. \ (v. i.) To gain the victory; to be successful; to triumph; to prevail.
insert permit v. to let; to make possible \ (v. t.) To consent to; to allow or suffer to be done; to tolerate; to put up with. \ (v. t.) To grant (one) express license or liberty to do an act; to authorize; to give leave; -- followed by an infinitive. \ (v. t.) To give over; to resign; to leave; to commit. \ (v. i.) To grant permission; to allow. \ (n.) Warrant; license; leave; permission; specifically, a written license or permission given to a person or persons having authority; as, a permit to land goods subject to duty. \ (n.) A large pompano (Trachinotus goodei) of the West Indies, Florida, etc. It becomes about three feet long. \ (n.) The round pompano. (T. falcatus).
insert brain n. the control center of thought, emotions and body activity of all creatures \ (n.) The whitish mass of soft matter (the center of the nervous system, and the seat of consciousness and volition) which is inclosed in the cartilaginous or bony cranium of vertebrate animals. It is simply the anterior termination of the spinal cord, and is developed from three embryonic vesicles, whose cavities are connected with the central canal of the cord; the cavities of the vesicles become the central cavities, or ventricles, and the walls thicken unequally and become the three segments, the fore-, mid-, and hind-brain. \ (n.) The anterior or cephalic ganglion in insects and other invertebrates. \ (n.) The organ or seat of intellect; hence, the understanding. \ (n.) The affections; fancy; imagination. \ (v. t.) To dash out the brains of; to kill by beating out the brains. Hence, Fig.: To destroy; to put an end to; to defeat. \ (v. t.) To conceive; to understand.
insert cry v. to express or show sorrow or pain \ (v. i.) To make a loud call or cry; to call or exclaim vehemently or earnestly; to shout; to vociferate; to proclaim; to pray; to implore. \ (v. i.) To utter lamentations; to lament audibly; to express pain, grief, or distress, by weeping and sobbing; to shed tears; to bawl, as a child. \ (v. i.) To utter inarticulate sounds, as animals. \ (v. t.) To utter loudly; to call out; to sound abroad; to declare publicly. \ (v. t.) To cause to do something, or bring to some state, by crying or weeping; as, to cry one's self to sleep. \ (v. t.) To make oral and public proclamation of; to declare publicly; to notify or advertise by outcry, especially things lost or found, goods to be sold, ets., to cry goods, etc. \ (v. t.) to publish the banns of, as for marriage. \ (v. i.) A loud utterance; especially, the inarticulate sound produced by one of the lower animals, the cry of hounds; the cry of wolves. \ (v. i.) Outcry; clamor; tumult; popular demand. \ (v. i.) Any expression of grief, distress, etc., accompanied with tears or sobs; a loud sound, uttered in lamentation. \ (v. i.) Loud expression of triumph or wonder or of popular acclamation or favor. \ (v. i.) Importunate supplication. \ (v. i.) Public advertisement by outcry; proclamation, as by hawkers of their wares. \ (v. i.) Common report; fame. \ (v. i.) A word or phrase caught up by a party or faction and repeated for effect, the party cry of the Tories. \ (v. i.) A pack of hounds. \ (v. i.) A pack or company of persons; -- in contempt. \ (v. i.) The crackling noise made by block tin when it is bent back and forth.
insert cloudy (n.) Overcast or obscured with clouds; clouded; as, a cloudy sky. \ (n.) Consisting of a cloud or clouds. \ (n.) Indicating gloom, anxiety, sullenness, or ill-nature; not open or cheerful. \ (n.) Confused; indistinct; obscure; dark. \ (n.) Lacking clearness, brightness, or luster. \ (n.) Marked with veins or sports of dark or various hues, as marble.
insert ball n. something round \ (n.) Any round or roundish body or mass; a sphere or globe; as, a ball of twine; a ball of snow. \ (n.) A spherical body of any substance or size used to play with, as by throwing, knocking, kicking, etc. \ (n.) A general name for games in which a ball is thrown, kicked, or knocked. See Baseball, and Football. \ (n.) Any solid spherical, cylindrical, or conical projectile of lead or iron, to be discharged from a firearm, a cannon ball; a rifle ball; -- often used collectively, powder and ball. Spherical balls for the smaller firearms are commonly called bullets. \ (n.) A flaming, roundish body shot into the air; a case filled with combustibles intended to burst and give light or set fire, or to produce smoke or stench, a fire ball; a stink ball. \ (n.) A leather-covered cushion, fastened to a handle called a ballstock; -- formerly used by printers for inking the form, but now superseded by the roller. \ (n.) A roundish protuberant portion of some part of the body, the ball of the thumb; the ball of the foot. \ (n.) A large pill, a form in which medicine is commonly given to horses; a bolus. \ (n.) The globe or earth. \ (v. i.) To gather balls which cling to the feet, as of damp snow or clay; to gather into balls, the horse balls; the snow balls. \ (v. t.) To heat in a furnace and form into balls for rolling. \ (v. t.) To form or wind into a ball, to ball cotton. \ (n.) A social assembly for the purpose of dancing. \ (n.) A pitched ball, not struck at by the batsman, which fails to pass over the home base at a height not greater than the batsman's shoulder nor less than his knee.
insert oven (n.) A place arched over with brick or stonework, and used for baking, heating, or drying; hence, any structure, whether fixed or portable, which may be heated for baking, drying, etc.; esp., now, a chamber in a stove, used for baking or roasting.
insert darkness (n.) The absence of light; blackness; obscurity; gloom. \ (n.) A state of privacy; secrecy. \ (n.) A state of ignorance or error, especially on moral or religious subjects; hence, wickedness; impurity. \ (n.) Want of clearness or perspicuity; as, the darkness of a subject, or of a discussion. \ (n.) A state of distress or trouble.
insert bookshelf (n.) A shelf to hold books.
insert reform v. to make better by changing; to improve; n. a change to a better condition \ (v. t.) To put into a new and improved form or condition; to restore to a former good state, or bring from bad to good; to change from worse to better; to amend; to correct; as, to reform a profligate man; to reform corrupt manners or morals. \ (v. i.) To return to a good state; to amend or correct one's own character or habits, a man of settled habits of vice will seldom reform. \ (n.) Amendment of what is defective, vicious, corrupt, or depraved; reformation, reform of elections; reform of government.
insert smile (v. i.) To express amusement, pleasure, moderate joy, or love and kindness, by the features of the face; to laugh silently. \ (v. i.) To express slight contempt by a look implying sarcasm or pity; to sneer. \ (v. i.) To look gay and joyous; to have an appearance suited to excite joy; as, smiling spring; smiling plenty. \ (v. i.) To be propitious or favorable; to favor; to countenance; -- often with on, to smile on one's labors. \ (v. t.) To express by a smile, to smile consent; to smile a welcome to visitors. \ (v. t.) To affect in a certain way with a smile. \ (v. i.) The act of smiling; a peculiar change or brightening of the face, which expresses pleasure, mirth, approbation, or kindness; -- opposed to frown. \ (v. i.) A somewhat similar expression of countenance, indicative of satisfaction combined with malevolent feelings, as contempt, scorn, etc, a scornful smile. \ (v. i.) Favor; countenance; propitiousness, the smiles of Providence. \ (v. i.) Gay or joyous appearance, the smiles of spring.
insert abroad (adv.) At large; widely; broadly; over a wide space; as, a tree spreads its branches abroad. \ (adv.) Without a certain confine; outside the house; away from one's abode, to walk abroad. \ (adv.) Beyond the bounds of a country; in foreign countries, we have broils at home and enemies abroad. \ (adv.) Before the public at large; throughout society or the world; here and there; widely.
insert about ad. almost ("about half"); of or having a relation to ("We talk about the weather.") \ (prep.) Around; all round; on every side of. \ (prep.) In the immediate neighborhood of; in contiguity or proximity to; near, as to place; by or on (one's person). \ (prep.) Over or upon different parts of; through or over in various directions; here and there in; to and fro in; throughout. \ (prep.) Near; not far from; -- determining approximately time, size, quantity. \ (prep.) In concern with; engaged in; intent on. \ (prep.) On the point or verge of; going; in act of. \ (prep.) Concerning; with regard to; on account of; touching. \ (adv.) On all sides; around. \ (adv.) In circuit; circularly; by a circuitous way; around the outside; as, a mile about, and a third of a mile across. \ (adv.) Here and there; around; in one place and another. \ (adv.) Nearly; approximately; with close correspondence, in quality, manner, degree, etc., about as cold; about as high; -- also of quantity, number, time. \ (adv.) To a reserved position; half round; in the opposite direction; on the opposite tack, to face about; to turn one's self about.
insert thunder (n.) The sound which follows a flash of lightning; the report of a discharge of atmospheric electricity. \ (n.) The discharge of electricity; a thunderbolt. \ (n.) Any loud noise; as, the thunder of cannon. \ (n.) An alarming or statrling threat or denunciation. \ (n.) To produce thunder; to sound, rattle, or roar, as a discharge of atmospheric electricity; -- often used impersonally, it thundered continuously. \ (n.) Fig.: To make a loud noise; esp. a heavy sound, of some continuance. \ (n.) To utter violent denunciation. \ (v. t.) To emit with noise and terror; to utter vehemently; to publish, as a threat or denunciation.
insert underwear (n.) That which is worn under the outside clothing; underclothes.
insert body n. all of a person or animal; the remains of a person or animal \ (n.) The material organized substance of an animal, whether living or dead, as distinguished from the spirit, or vital principle; the physical person. \ (n.) The trunk, or main part, of a person or animal, as distinguished from the limbs and head; the main, central, or principal part, as of a tree, army, country, etc. \ (n.) The real, as opposed to the symbolical; the substance, as opposed to the shadow. \ (n.) A person; a human being; -- frequently in composition; as, anybody, nobody. \ (n.) A number of individuals spoken of collectively, usually as united by some common tie, or as organized for some purpose; a collective whole or totality; a corporation, a legislative body; a clerical body. \ (n.) A number of things or particulars embodied in a system; a general collection, a great body of facts; a body of laws or of divinity. \ (n.) Any mass or portion of matter; any substance distinct from others, a metallic body; a moving body; an aeriform body. \ (n.) Amount; quantity; extent. \ (n.) That part of a garment covering the body, as distinguished from the parts covering the limbs. \ (n.) The bed or box of a vehicle, on or in which the load is placed, a wagon body; a cart body. \ (n.) The shank of a type, or the depth of the shank (by which the size is indicated), a nonpareil face on an agate body. \ (n.) A figure that has length, breadth, and thickness; any solid figure. \ (n.) Consistency; thickness; substance; strength, this color has body; wine of a good body. \ (v. t.) To furnish with, or as with, a body; to produce in definite shape; to embody. \ (n.) The central, longitudinal framework of a flying machine, to which are attached the planes or aerocurves, passenger accommodations, controlling and propelling apparatus, fuel tanks, etc.
insert measure v. to learn the amount, size or distance of something; n. an action taken; a legislative proposal
insert seventy (a.) Seven times ten; one more than sixty-nine. \ (n.) The sum of seven times ten; seventy units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing seventy units, as 70, or lxx.
insert twist (v. t.) To contort; to writhe; to complicate; to crook spirally; to convolve. \ (v. t.) Hence, to turn from the true form or meaning; to pervert; as, to twist a passage cited from an author. \ (v. t.) To distort, as a solid body, by turning one part relatively to another about an axis passing through both; to subject to torsion, to twist a shaft. \ (v. t.) To wreathe; to wind; to encircle; to unite by intertexture of parts. \ (v. t.) To wind into; to insinuate; -- used reflexively, avarice twists itself into all human concerns. \ (v. t.) To unite by winding one thread, strand, or other flexible substance, round another; to form by convolution, or winding separate things round each other, to twist yarn or thread. \ (v. t.) Hence, to form as if by winding one part around another; to wreathe; to make up. \ (v. t.) To form into a thread from many fine filaments, to twist wool or cotton. \ (v. i.) To be contorted; to be distorted by torsion; to be united by winding round each other; to be or become twisted, some strands will twist more easily than others. \ (v. i.) To follow a helical or spiral course; to be in the form of a helix. \ (n.) The act of twisting; a contortion; a flexure; a convolution; a bending. \ (n.) The form given in twisting. \ (n.) That which is formed by twisting, convoluting, or uniting parts. \ (n.) A cord, thread, or anything flexible, formed by winding strands or separate things round each other. \ (n.) A kind of closely twisted, strong sewing silk, used by tailors, saddlers, and the like. \ (n.) A kind of cotton yarn, of several varieties. \ (n.) A roll of twisted dough, baked. \ (n.) A little twisted roll of tobacco. \ (n.) One of the threads of a warp, -- usually more tightly twisted than the filling. \ (n.) A material for gun barrels, consisting of iron and steel twisted and welded together, Damascus twist. \ (n.) The spiral course of the rifling of a gun barrel or a cannon. \ (n.) A beverage made of brandy and gin. \ (v. t.) A twig. \ (n.) Act of imparting a turning or twisting motion, as to a pitched ball; also, the motion thus imparted, the twist of a billiard ball. \ (n.) A strong individual tendency, or bent; a marked inclination; a bias; -- often implying a peculiar or unusual tendency, a twist toward fanaticism.
insert until conj. up to a time; before \ (prep.) To; unto; towards; -- used of material objects. \ (prep.) To; up to; till; before; -- used of time; as, he staid until evening; he will not come back until the end of the month. \ (conj.) As far as; to the place or degree that; especially, up to the time that; till. See Till, conj.
insert exciting (a.) Calling or rousing into action; producing excitement; as, exciting events; an exciting story. \ (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Excite
insert official n. a person with power in an organization; a representative of an organization or government; ad. of or about an office; approved by the government or someone in power \ (n.) Of or pertaining to an office or public trust; as, official duties, or routine. \ (n.) Derived from the proper office or officer, or from the proper authority; made or communicated by virtue of authority, an official statement or report. \ (n.) Approved by authority; sanctioned by the pharmacopoeia; appointed to be used in medicine, an official drug or preparation. Cf. Officinal. \ (n.) Discharging an office or function. \ (a.) One who holds an office; esp., a subordinate executive officer or attendant. \ (a.) An ecclesiastical judge appointed by a bishop, chapter, archdeacon, etc., with charge of the spiritual jurisdiction.
insert deliver (v. t.) To set free from restraint; to set at liberty; to release; to liberate, as from control; to give up; to free; to save; to rescue from evil actual or feared; -- often with from or out of; as, to deliver one from captivity, or from fear of death. \ (v. t.) To give or transfer; to yield possession or control of; to part with (to); to make over; to commit; to surrender; to resign; -- often with up or over, to or into. \ (v. t.) To make over to the knowledge of another; to communicate; to utter; to speak; to impart. \ (v. t.) To give forth in action or exercise; to discharge, to deliver a blow; to deliver a broadside, or a ball. \ (v. t.) To free from, or disburden of, young; to relieve of a child in childbirth; to bring forth; -- often with of. \ (v. t.) To discover; to show. \ (v. t.) To deliberate. \ (v. t.) To admit; to allow to pass. \ (v. t.) Free; nimble; sprightly; active.
insert particular (a.) Relating to a part or portion of anything; concerning a part separated from the whole or from others of the class; separate; sole; single; individual; specific; as, the particular stars of a constellation. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a single person, class, or thing; belonging to one only; not general; not common; hence, personal; peculiar; singular. \ (a.) Separate or distinct by reason of superiority; distinguished; important; noteworthy; unusual; special, he brought no particular news; she was the particular belle of the party. \ (a.) Concerned with, or attentive to, details; minute; circumstantial; precise, a full and particular account of an accident, nice; fastidious, a man particular in his dress. \ (a.) Containing a part only; limited, a particular estate, or one precedent to an estate in remainder. \ (a.) Holding a particular estate, a particular tenant. \ (a.) Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject, a particular proposition; -- opposed to universal: e. g. (particular affirmative) Some men are wise; (particular negative) Some men are not wise. \ (n.) A separate or distinct member of a class, or part of a whole; an individual fact, point, circumstance, detail, or item, which may be considered separately, the particulars of a story. \ (n.) Special or personal peculiarity, trait, or character; individuality; interest, etc. \ (n.) One of the details or items of grounds of claim; -- usually in the pl.; also, a bill of particulars; a minute account, a particular of premises.
insert important ad. having great meaning, value or power \ (v. t.) Full of, or burdened by, import; charged with great interests; restless; anxious. \ (v. t.) Carrying or possessing weight or consequence; of valuable content or bearing; significant; weighty. \ (v. t.) Bearing on; forcible; driving. \ (v. t.) Importunate; pressing; urgent.
insert swallow v. to take into the stomach through the mouth \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of passerine birds of the family Hirundinidae, especially one of those species in which the tail is deeply forked. They have long, pointed wings, and are noted for the swiftness and gracefulness of their flight. \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of swifts which resemble the true swallows in form and habits, as the common American chimney swallow, or swift. \ (n.) The aperture in a block through which the rope reeves. \ (v. t.) To take into the stomach; to receive through the gullet, or esophagus, into the stomach; as, to swallow food or drink. \ (v. t.) To draw into an abyss or gulf; to ingulf; to absorb -- usually followed by up. \ (v. t.) To receive or embrace, as opinions or belief, without examination or scruple; to receive implicitly. \ (v. t.) To engross; to appropriate; -- usually with up. \ (v. t.) To occupy; to take up; to employ. \ (v. t.) To seize and waste; to exhaust; to consume. \ (v. t.) To retract; to recant, to swallow one's opinions. \ (v. t.) To put up with; to bear patiently or without retaliation, to swallow an affront or insult. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of swallowing, his cold is so severe he is unable to swallow. \ (n.) The act of swallowing. \ (n.) The gullet; the throat. \ (n.) Taste; relish; inclination; liking. \ (n.) Capacity for swallowing; voracity. \ (n.) As much as is, or can be, swallowed at once, a swallow of water. \ (n.) That which ingulfs; a whirlpool.
insert highway (n.) A road or way open to the use of the public; a main road or thoroughfare.
insert saving (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Save \ (a.) Preserving; rescuing. \ (a.) Avoiding unnecessary expense or waste; frugal; not lavish or wasteful; economical; as, a saving cook. \ (a.) Bringing back in returns or in receipts the sum expended; incurring no loss, though not gainful, a saving bargain; the ship has made a saving voyage. \ (a.) Making reservation or exception, a saving clause. \ (participle) With the exception of; except; excepting; also, without disrespect to. \ (n.) Something kept from being expended or lost; that which is saved or laid up, the savings of years of economy. \ (n.) Exception; reservation.
insert temperature n. the measurement of heat and cold \ (n.) Constitution; state; degree of any quality. \ (n.) Freedom from passion; moderation. \ (n.) Condition with respect to heat or cold, especially as indicated by the sensation produced, or by the thermometer or pyrometer; degree of heat or cold; as, the temperature of the air; high temperature; low temperature; temperature of freezing or of boiling. \ (n.) Mixture; compound. \ (n.) The degree of heat of the body of a living being, esp. of the human body; also (Colloq.), loosely, the excess of this over the normal (of the human body 98!-99.5! F., in the mouth of an adult about 98.4!).
insert almond (n.) The fruit of the almond tree. \ (n.) The tree that bears the fruit; almond tree. \ (n.) Anything shaped like an almond. \ (n.) One of the tonsils.
insert local ad. about or having to do with one place \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a particular place, or to a definite region or portion of space; restricted to one place or region; as, a local custom. \ (n.) A train which receives and deposits passengers or freight along the line of the road; a train for the accommodation of a certain district. \ (n.) On newspaper cant, an item of news relating to the place where the paper is published.
insert board (n.) A piece of timber sawed thin, and of considerable length and breadth as compared with the thickness, -- used for building, etc. \ (n.) A table to put food upon. \ (n.) Hence: What is served on a table as food; stated meals; provision; entertainment; -- usually as furnished for pay; as, to work for one's board; the price of board. \ (n.) A table at which a council or court is held. Hence: A council, convened for business, or any authorized assembly or meeting, public or private; a number of persons appointed or elected to sit in council for the management or direction of some public or private business or trust, the Board of Admiralty; a board of trade; a board of directors, trustees, commissioners, etc. \ (n.) A square or oblong piece of thin wood or other material used for some special purpose, a molding board; a board or surface painted or arranged for a game, a chessboard; a backgammon board. \ (n.) Paper made thick and stiff like a board, for book covers, etc.; pasteboard, to bind a book in boards. \ (n.) The stage in a theater, to go upon the boards, to enter upon the theatrical profession. \ (n.) The border or side of anything. \ (n.) The side of a ship. \ (n.) The stretch which a ship makes in one tack. \ (v. t.) To cover with boards or boarding, to board a house. \ (n.) To go on board of, or enter, as a ship, whether in a hostile or a friendly way. \ (n.) To enter, as a railway car. \ (n.) To furnish with regular meals, or with meals and lodgings, for compensation; to supply with daily meals. \ (n.) To place at board, to board one's horse at a livery stable. \ (v. i.) To obtain meals, or meals and lodgings, statedly for compensation, he boards at the hotel. \ (v. t.) To approach; to accost; to address; hence, to woo.
insert peach (v. t.) To accuse of crime; to inform against. \ (v. i.) To turn informer; to betray one's accomplice. \ (n.) A well-known high-flavored juicy fruit, containing one or two seeds in a hard almond-like endocarp or stone; also, the tree which bears it (Prunus / Amygdalus Persica). In the wild stock the fruit is hard and inedible.
insert platform (n.) A plat; a plan; a sketch; a model; a pattern. Used also figuratively. \ (n.) A place laid out after a model. \ (n.) Any flat or horizontal surface; especially, one that is raised above some particular level, as a framework of timber or boards horizontally joined so as to form a roof, or a raised floor, or portion of a floor; a landing; a dais; a stage, for speakers, performers, or workmen; a standing place. \ (n.) A declaration of the principles upon which a person, a sect, or a party proposes to stand; a declared policy or system; as, the Saybrook platform; a political platform. \ (n.) A light deck, usually placed in a section of the hold or over the floor of the magazine. See Orlop. \ (v. t.) To place on a platform. \ (v. t.) To form a plan of; to model; to lay out.
insert corn n. a food grain \ (n.) A thickening of the epidermis at some point, esp. on the toes, by friction or pressure. It is usually painful and troublesome. \ (n.) A single seed of certain plants, as wheat, rye, barley, and maize; a grain. \ (n.) The various farinaceous grains of the cereal grasses used for food, maize, oats. \ (n.) The plants which produce corn, when growing in the field; the stalks and ears, or the stalks, ears, and seeds, after reaping and before thrashing. \ (n.) A small, hard particle; a grain. \ (v. t.) To preserve and season with salt in grains; to sprinkle with salt; to cure by salting; now, specifically, to salt slightly in brine or otherwise; as, to corn beef; to corn a tongue. \ (v. t.) To form into small grains; to granulate, to corn gunpowder. \ (v. t.) To feed with corn or (in Sctland) oats, to corn horses. \ (v. t.) To render intoxicated, ale strong enough to corn one.
insert worst (a.) Bad, evil, or pernicious, in the highest degree, whether in a physical or moral sense. See Worse. \ (n.) That which is most bad or evil; the most severe, pernicious, calamitous, or wicked state or degree. \ (a.) To gain advantage over, in contest or competition; to get the better of; to defeat; to overthrow; to discomfit. \ (v. i.) To grow worse; to deteriorate.
insert autumn n. the time of the year between summer and winter \ (n.) The third season of the year, or the season between summer and winter, often called "the fall." Astronomically, it begins in the northern temperate zone at the autumnal equinox, about September 23, and ends at the winter solstice, about December 23; but in popular language, autumn, in America, comprises September, October, and November. \ (n.) The harvest or fruits of autumn. \ (n.) The time of maturity or decline; latter portion; third stage.
insert hundredth (a.) Coming last of a hundred successive individuals or units. \ (a.) Forming one of a hundred equal parts into which anything is divided; the tenth of a tenth. \ (n.) One of a hundred equal parts into which one whole is, or may be, divided; the quotient of a unit divided by a hundred.
insert beneath (prep.) Lower in place, with something directly over or on; under; underneath; hence, at the foot of. \ (prep.) Under, in relation to something that is superior, or that oppresses or burdens. \ (prep.) Lower in rank, dignity, or excellence than; as, brutes are beneath man; man is beneath angels in the scale of beings. Hence: Unworthy of; unbecoming. \ (adv.) In a lower place; underneath. \ (adv.) Below, as opposed to heaven, or to any superior region or position, in earth beneath.
insert hat n. a head cover \ (a.) Hot. \ sing. pres. of Hote to be called. Cf. \ (n.) A covering for the head; esp., one with a crown and brim, made of various materials, and worn by men or women for protecting the head from the sun or weather, or for ornament. \ A cap or hat worn by officers or enlisted men when full-dress uniform, or dress uniform, is not worn.
insert pride (n.) A small European lamprey (Petromyzon branchialis); -- called also prid, and sandpiper. \ (n.) The quality or state of being proud; inordinate self-esteem; an unreasonable conceit of one's own superiority in talents, beauty, wealth, rank, etc., which manifests itself in lofty airs, distance, reserve, and often in contempt of others. \ (n.) A sense of one's own worth, and abhorrence of what is beneath or unworthy of one; lofty self-respect; noble self-esteem; elevation of character; dignified bearing; proud delight; -- in a good sense. \ (n.) Proud or disdainful behavior or treatment; insolence or arrogance of demeanor; haughty bearing and conduct; insolent exultation; disdain. \ (n.) That of which one is proud; that which excites boasting or self-gratulation; the occasion or ground of self-esteem, or of arrogant and presumptuous confidence, as beauty, ornament, noble character, children, etc. \ (n.) Show; ostentation; glory. \ (n.) Highest pitch; elevation reached; loftiness; prime; glory; as, to be in the pride of one's life. \ (n.) Consciousness of power; fullness of animal spirits; mettle; wantonness; hence, lust; sexual desire; esp., an excitement of sexual appetite in a female beast. \ (v. t.) To indulge in pride, or self-esteem; to rate highly; to plume; -- used reflexively. \ (v. i.) To be proud; to glory.
insert man n. an adult male human \ (n.) A human being; -- opposed tobeast. \ (n.) Especially: An adult male person; a grown-up male person, as distinguished from a woman or a child. \ (n.) The human race; mankind. \ (n.) The male portion of the human race. \ (n.) One possessing in a high degree the distinctive qualities of manhood; one having manly excellence of any kind. \ (n.) An adult male servant; also, a vassal; a subject. \ (n.) A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste; as, Come, man, we 've no time to lose! \ (n.) A married man; a husband; -- correlative to wife. \ (n.) One, or any one, indefinitely; -- a modified survival of the Saxon use of man, or mon, as an indefinite pronoun. \ (n.) One of the piece with which certain games, as chess or draughts, are played. \ (v. t.) To supply with men; to furnish with a sufficient force or complement of men, as for management, service, defense, or the like; to guard, to man a ship, boat, or fort. \ (v. t.) To furnish with strength for action; to prepare for efficiency; to fortify. \ (v. t.) To tame, as a hawk. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a servants. \ (v. t.) To wait on as a manservant.
insert lamp (n.) A thin plate or lamina. \ (n.) A light-producing vessel, instrument or apparatus; especially, a vessel with a wick used for the combustion of oil or other inflammable liquid, for the purpose of producing artificial light. \ (n.) Figuratively, anything which enlightens intellectually or morally; anything regarded metaphorically a performing the uses of a lamp. \ (n.) A device or mechanism for producing light by electricity. See Incandescent lamp, under Incandescent.
insert stretch v. to extend for a distance; to pull on to make longer or wider \ (v. t.) To reach out; to extend; to put forth. \ (v. t.) To draw out to the full length; to cause to extend in a straight line; as, to stretch a cord or rope. \ (v. t.) To cause to extend in breadth; to spread; to expand, to stretch cloth; to stretch the wings. \ (v. t.) To make tense; to tighten; to distend forcibly. \ (v. t.) To draw or pull out to greater length; to strain, to stretch a tendon or muscle. \ (v. t.) To exaggerate; to extend too far, to stretch the truth; to stretch one's credit. \ (v. i.) To be extended; to be drawn out in length or in breadth, or both; to reach, the iron road stretches across the continent; the lake stretches over fifty square miles. \ (v. i.) To extend or spread one's self, or one's limbs, the lazy man yawns and stretches. \ (v. i.) To be extended, or to bear extension, without breaking, as elastic or ductile substances. \ (v. i.) To strain the truth; to exaggerate, a man apt to stretch in his report of facts. \ (v. i.) To sail by the wind under press of canvas, the ship stretched to the eastward. \ (n.) Act of stretching, or state of being stretched; reach; effort; struggle; strain, a stretch of the limbs; a stretch of the imagination. \ (n.) A continuous line or surface; a continuous space of time, grassy stretches of land. \ (n.) The extent to which anything may be stretched. \ (n.) The reach or extent of a vessel's progress on one tack; a tack or board. \ (n.) Course; direction, the stretch of seams of coal.
insert boat n. something built to travel on water that carries people or goods \ (n.) A small open vessel, or water craft, usually moved by cars or paddles, but often by a sail. \ (n.) Hence, any vessel; usually with some epithet descriptive of its use or mode of propulsion; as, pilot boat, packet boat, passage boat, advice boat, etc. The term is sometimes applied to steam vessels, even of the largest class, the Cunard boats. \ (n.) A vehicle, utensil, or dish, somewhat resembling a boat in shape, a stone boat; a gravy boat. \ (v. t.) To transport in a boat, to boat goods. \ (v. t.) To place in a boat, to boat oars. \ (v. i.) To go or row in a boat.
insert listen v. to try to hear \ (v. i.) To give close attention with the purpose of hearing; to give ear; to hearken; to attend. \ (v. i.) To give heed; to yield to advice; to follow admonition; to obey. \ (v. t.) To attend to.
insert beard (n.) The hair that grows on the chin, lips, and adjacent parts of the human face, chiefly of male adults. \ (n.) The long hairs about the face in animals, as in the goat. \ (n.) The cluster of small feathers at the base of the beak in some birds \ (n.) The appendages to the jaw in some Cetacea, and to the mouth or jaws of some fishes. \ (n.) The byssus of certain shellfish, as the muscle. \ (n.) The gills of some bivalves, as the oyster. \ (n.) In insects, the hairs of the labial palpi of moths and butterflies. \ (n.) Long or stiff hairs on a plant; the awn; as, the beard of grain. \ (n.) A barb or sharp point of an arrow or other instrument, projecting backward to prevent the head from being easily drawn out. \ (n.) That part of the under side of a horse's lower jaw which is above the chin, and bears the curb of a bridle. \ (n.) That part of a type which is between the shoulder of the shank and the face. \ (n.) An imposition; a trick. \ (v. t.) To take by the beard; to seize, pluck, or pull the beard of (a man), in anger or contempt. \ (v. t.) To oppose to the gills; to set at defiance. \ (v. t.) To deprive of the gills; -- used only of oysters and similar shellfish.
insert likely (a.) Worthy of belief; probable; credible; as, a likely story. \ (a.) Having probability; having or giving reason to expect; -- followed by the infinitive, it is likely to rain. \ (a.) Similar; like; alike. \ (a.) Such as suits; good-looking; pleasing; agreeable; handsome. \ (a.) Having such qualities as make success probable; well adapted to the place; promising, a likely young man; a likely servant. \ (adv.) In all probability; probably.
insert secret n. something known only to a few and kept from general knowledge; ad. hidden from others; known only to a few \ (a.) Hidden; concealed; as, secret treasure; secret plans; a secret vow. \ (a.) Withdraw from general intercourse or notice; in retirement or secrecy; secluded. \ (a.) Faithful to a secret; not inclined to divulge or betray confidence; secretive. \ (a.) Separate; distinct. \ (a.) Something studiously concealed; a thing kept from general knowledge; what is not revealed, or not to be revealed. \ (a.) A thing not discovered; what is unknown or unexplained; a mystery. \ (a.) The parts which modesty and propriety require to be concealed; the genital organs. \ (v. t.) To keep secret.
insert below ad. lower than \ (prep.) Under, or lower in place; beneath not so high; as, below the moon; below the knee. \ (prep.) Inferior to in rank, excellence, dignity, value, amount, price, etc.; lower in quality. \ (prep.) Unworthy of; unbefitting; beneath. \ (adv.) In a lower place, with respect to any object; in a lower room; beneath. \ (adv.) On the earth, as opposed to the heavens. \ (adv.) In hell, or the regions of the dead. \ (adv.) In court or tribunal of inferior jurisdiction, at the trial below. \ (adv.) In some part or page following.
insert teen (n.) Grief; sorrow; affiction; pain. \ (n.) To excite; to provoke; to vex; to affict; to injure. \ (v. t.) To hedge or fence in; to inclose.
insert instruction (n.) The act of instructing, teaching, or furnishing with knowledge; information. \ (n.) That which instructs, or with which one is instructed; the intelligence or information imparted \ (n.) Precept; information; teachings. \ (n.) Direction; order; command.
insert link v. to connect; to unite one thing or event with another; n. a relation between two or more things, situations or events \ (n.) A torch made of tow and pitch, or the like. \ (n.) A single ring or division of a chain. \ (n.) Hence: Anything, whether material or not, which binds together, or connects, separate things; a part of a connected series; a tie; a bond. \ (n.) Anything doubled and closed like a link; as, a link of horsehair. \ (n.) Any one of the several elementary pieces of a mechanism, as the fixed frame, or a rod, wheel, mass of confined liquid, etc., by which relative motion of other parts is produced and constrained. \ (n.) Any intermediate rod or piece for transmitting force or motion, especially a short connecting rod with a bearing at each end; specifically (Steam Engine), the slotted bar, or connecting piece, to the opposite ends of which the eccentric rods are jointed, and by means of which the movement of the valve is varied, in a link motion. \ (n.) The length of one joint of Gunter's chain, being the hundredth part of it, or 7.92 inches, the chain being 66 feet in length. Cf. Chain, n., 4. \ (n.) A bond of affinity, or a unit of valence between atoms; -- applied to a unit of chemical force or attraction. \ (n.) Sausages; -- because linked together. \ (v. t.) To connect or unite with a link or as with a link; to join; to attach; to unite; to couple. \ (v. i.) To be connected. \ (n.) A hill or ridge, as a sand hill, or a wooded or turfy bank between cultivated fields, etc. \ (n.) A winding of a river; also, the ground along such a winding; a meander; -- usually in pl. \ (n.) Sand hills with the surrounding level or undulating land, such as occur along the seashore, a river bank, etc. \ (n.) Hence, any such piece of ground where golf is played.
insert afraid ad. feeling fear \ (p. a.) Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear; apprehensive.
insert subject n. the person or thing being discussed, studied or written about \ (a.) Placed or situated under; lying below, or in a lower situation. \ (a.) Placed under the power of another; specifically (International Law)(Anat.), owing allegiance to a particular sovereign or state; as, Jamaica is subject to Great Britain. \ (a.) Exposed; liable; prone; disposed, a country subject to extreme heat; men subject to temptation. \ (a.) Obedient; submissive. \ (a.) That which is placed under the authority, dominion, control, or influence of something else. \ (a.) Specifically: One who is under the authority of a ruler and is governed by his laws; one who owes allegiance to a sovereign or a sovereign state, a subject of Queen Victoria; a British subject; a subject of the United States. \ (a.) That which is subjected, or submitted to, any physical operation or process, a dead body used for the purpose of dissection. \ (a.) That which is brought under thought or examination; that which is taken up for discussion, or concerning which anything is said or done. \ (a.) The person who is treated of; the hero of a piece; the chief character. \ (a.) That of which anything is affirmed or predicated; the theme of a proposition or discourse; that which is spoken of, the nominative case is the subject of the verb. \ (a.) That in which any quality, attribute, or relation, whether spiritual or material, inheres, or to which any of these appertain; substance; substratum. \ (a.) Hence, that substance or being which is conscious of its own operations; the mind; the thinking agent or principal; the ego. Cf. Object, n., 2. \ (n.) The principal theme, or leading thought or phrase, on which a composition or a movement is based. \ (n.) The incident, scene, figure, group, etc., which it is the aim of the artist to represent. \ (v. t.) To bring under control, power, or dominion; to make subject; to subordinate; to subdue. \ (v. t.) To expose; to make obnoxious or liable, credulity subjects a person to impositions. \ (v. t.) To submit; to make accountable. \ (v. t.) To make subservient. \ (v. t.) To cause to undergo, to subject a substance to a white heat; to subject a person to a rigid test.
insert feel v. to have or experience an emotion; to know by touching \ (v. t.) To perceive by the touch; to take cognizance of by means of the nerves of sensation distributed all over the body, especially by those of the skin; to have sensation excited by contact of (a thing) with the body or limbs. \ (v. t.) To touch; to handle; to examine by touching; as, feel this piece of silk; hence, to make trial of; to test; often with out. \ (v. t.) To perceive by the mind; to have a sense of; to experience; to be affected by; to be sensible of, or sensetive to, to feel pleasure; to feel pain. \ (v. t.) To take internal cognizance of; to be conscious of; to have an inward persuasion of. \ (v. t.) To perceive; to observe. \ (v. i.) To have perception by the touch, or by contact of anything with the nerves of sensation, especially those upon the surface of the body. \ (v. i.) To have the sensibilities moved or affected. \ (v. i.) To be conscious of an inward impression, state of mind, persuasion, physical condition, etc.; to perceive one's self to be; -- followed by an adjective describing the state, to feel assured, grieved, persuaded. \ (v. i.) To know with feeling; to be conscious, to know certainly or without misgiving. \ (v. i.) To appear to the touch; to give a perception; to produce an impression by the nerves of sensation; -- followed by an adjective describing the kind of sensation. \ (n.) Feeling; perception. \ (n.) A sensation communicated by touching; impression made upon one who touches or handles, this leather has a greasy feel.
insert formal (n.) See Methylal. \ (a.) Belonging to the form, shape, frame, external appearance, or organization of a thing. \ (a.) Belonging to the constitution of a thing, as distinguished from the matter composing it; having the power of making a thing what it is; constituent; essential; pertaining to or depending on the forms, so called, of the human intellect. \ (a.) Done in due form, or with solemnity; according to regular method; not incidental, sudden or irregular; express; as, he gave his formal consent. \ (a.) Devoted to, or done in accordance with, forms or rules; punctilious; regular; orderly; methodical; of a prescribed form; exact; prim; stiff; ceremonious, a man formal in his dress, his gait, his conversation. \ (a.) Having the form or appearance without the substance or essence; external, formal duty; formal worship; formal courtesy, etc. \ (a.) Dependent in form; conventional. \ (a.) Sound; normal.
insert meantime (n.) Alt. of Meanwhile \ (adv.) Alt. of Meanwhile
insert restaurant (n.) An eating house.
insert soon ad. not long after the present time; quickly \ (adv.) In a short time; shortly after any time specified or supposed; as, soon after sunrise. \ (adv.) Without the usual delay; before any time supposed; early. \ (adv.) Promptly; quickly; easily. \ (adv.) Readily; willingly; -- in this sense used with would, or some other word expressing will. \ (a.) Speedy; quick.
insert surprising (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Surprise \ (a.) Exciting surprise; extraordinary; of a nature to excite wonder and astonishment; as, surprising bravery; a surprising escape from danger.
insert stranger (n.) One who is strange, foreign, or unknown. \ (n.) One who comes from a foreign land; a foreigner. \ (n.) One whose home is at a distance from the place where he is, but in the same country. \ (n.) One who is unknown or unacquainted; as, the gentleman is a stranger to me; hence, one not admitted to communication, fellowship, or acquaintance. \ (n.) One not belonging to the family or household; a guest; a visitor. \ (n.) One not privy or party an act, contract, or title; a mere intruder or intermeddler; one who interferes without right, actual possession of land gives a good title against a stranger having no title; as to strangers, a mortgage is considered merely as a pledge; a mere stranger to the levy. \ (v. t.) To estrange; to alienate.
insert goose (n.) Any large web-footen bird of the subfamily Anserinae, and belonging to Anser, Branta, Chen, and several allied genera. See Anseres. \ (n.) Any large bird of other related families, resembling the common goose. \ (n.) A tailor's smoothing iron, so called from its handle, which resembles the neck of a goose. \ (n.) A silly creature; a simpleton. \ (n.) A game played with counters on a board divided into compartments, in some of which a goose was depicted.
insert appoint v. to name; to choose ("appoint a judge") \ (v. t.) To fix with power or firmness; to establish; to mark out. \ (v. t.) To fix by a decree, order, command, resolve, decision, or mutual agreement; to constitute; to ordain; to prescribe; to fix the time and place of. \ (v. t.) To assign, designate, or set apart by authority. \ (v. t.) To furnish in all points; to provide with everything necessary by way of equipment; to equip; to fit out. \ (v. t.) To point at by way, or for the purpose, of censure or commendation; to arraign. \ (v. t.) To direct, or limit; to make or direct a new disposition of, by virtue of a power contained in a conveyance; -- said of an estate already conveyed. \ (v. i.) To ordain; to determine; to arrange.
insert useful (a.) Full of use, advantage, or profit; producing, or having power to produce, good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as, vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts.
insert disappointment (n.) The act of disappointing, or the state of being disappointed; defeat or failure of expectation or hope; miscarriage of design or plan; frustration. \ (n.) That which disappoints.
insert now ad. at this time; immediately \ (adv.) At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking; instantly; as, I will write now. \ (adv.) Very lately; not long ago. \ (adv.) At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or contemplated; at a particular time referred to. \ (adv.) In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an explanation. \ (a.) Existing at the present time; present. \ (n.) The present time or moment; the present.
insert knowledge n. that which is known; learning or understanding \ (v. i.) The act or state of knowing; clear perception of fact, truth, or duty; certain apprehension; familiar cognizance; cognition. \ (v. i.) That which is or may be known; the object of an act of knowing; a cognition; -- chiefly used in the plural. \ (v. i.) That which is gained and preserved by knowing; instruction; acquaintance; enlightenment; learning; scholarship; erudition. \ (v. i.) That familiarity which is gained by actual experience; practical skill; as, a knowledge of life. \ (v. i.) Scope of information; cognizance; notice, it has not come to my knowledge. \ (v. i.) Sexual intercourse; -- usually preceded by carnal, carnal knowledge. \ (v. t.) To acknowledge.
insert middle n. the center; a place or time of equal distance from both sides or ends; ad. in the center \ (a.) Equally distant from the extreme either of a number of things or of one thing; mean; medial; as, the middle house in a row; a middle rank or station in life; flowers of middle summer; men of middle age. \ (a.) Intermediate; intervening. \ (a.) The point or part equally distant from the extremities or exterior limits, as of a line, a surface, or a solid; an intervening point or part in space, time, or order of series; the midst; central portion \ (a.) the waist.
insert pet (n.) A cade lamb; a lamb brought up by hand. \ (n.) Any person or animal especially cherished and indulged; a fondling; a darling; often, a favorite child. \ (n.) A slight fit of peevishness or fretfulness. \ (a.) Petted; indulged; admired; cherished; as, a pet child; a pet lamb; a pet theory. \ (v. t.) To treat as a pet; to fondle; to indulge, she was petted and spoiled. \ (v. i.) To be a pet.
insert less ad. smaller in amount; not as much \ (conj.) Unless. \ (a.) Smaller; not so large or great; not so much; shorter; inferior; as, a less quantity or number; a horse of less size or value; in less time than before. \ (adv.) Not so much; in a smaller or lower degree, less bright or loud; less beautiful. \ (n.) A smaller portion or quantity. \ (n.) The inferior, younger, or smaller. \ (v. t.) To make less; to lessen.
insert whom (pron.) The objective case of who. See Who.
insert tune (n.) A sound; a note; a tone. \ (n.) A rhythmical, melodious, symmetrical series of tones for one voice or instrument, or for any number of voices or instruments in unison, or two or more such series forming parts in harmony; a melody; an air; as, a merry tune; a mournful tune; a slow tune; a psalm tune. See Air. \ (n.) The state of giving the proper, sound or sounds; just intonation; harmonious accordance; pitch of the voice or an instrument; adjustment of the parts of an instrument so as to harmonize with itself or with others, the piano, or the organ, is not in tune. \ (n.) Order; harmony; concord; fit disposition, temper, or humor; right mood. \ (v. t.) To put into a state adapted to produce the proper sounds; to harmonize, to cause to be in tune; to correct the tone of, to tune a piano or a violin. \ (v. t.) To give tone to; to attune; to adapt in style of music; to make harmonious. \ (v. t.) To sing with melody or harmony. \ (v. t.) To put into a proper state or disposition. \ (v. i.) To form one sound to another; to form accordant musical sounds. \ (v. i.) To utter inarticulate harmony with the voice; to sing without pronouncing words; to hum.
insert wealthy (superl.) Having wealth; having large possessions, or larger than most men, as lands, goods, money, or securities; opulent; affluent; rich. \ (superl.) Hence, ample; full; satisfactory; abundant.
insert did imp. of Do.
insert carriage (n.) That which is carried; burden; baggage. \ (n.) The act of carrying, transporting, or conveying. \ (n.) The price or expense of carrying. \ (n.) That which carries of conveys, \ (n.) A wheeled vehicle for persons, esp. one designed for elegance and comfort. \ (n.) A wheeled vehicle carrying a fixed burden, as a gun carriage. \ (n.) A part of a machine which moves and carries of supports some other moving object or part. \ (n.) A frame or cage in which something is carried or supported; as, a bell carriage. \ (n.) The manner of carrying one's self; behavior; bearing; deportment; personal manners. \ (n.) The act or manner of conducting measures or projects; management.
insert shine v. to aim a light; to give bright light; to be bright; to clean to make bright \ (v. i.) To emit rays of light; to give light; to beam with steady radiance; to exhibit brightness or splendor; as, the sun shines by day; the moon shines by night. \ (v. i.) To be bright by reflection of light; to gleam; to be glossy, to shine like polished silver. \ (v. i.) To be effulgent in splendor or beauty. \ (v. i.) To be eminent, conspicuous, or distinguished; to exhibit brilliant intellectual powers, to shine in courts; to shine in conversation. \ (v. t.) To cause to shine, as a light. \ (v. t.) To make bright; to cause to shine by reflected light, in hunting, to shine the eyes of a deer at night by throwing a light on them. \ (n.) The quality or state of shining; brightness; luster, gloss; polish; sheen. \ (n.) Sunshine; fair weather. \ (n.) A liking for a person; a fancy. \ (n.) Caper; antic; row. \ (v. i.) Shining; sheen.
insert package (n.) Act or process of packing. \ (n.) A bundle made up for transportation; a packet; a bale; a parcel; as, a package of goods. \ (n.) A charge made for packing goods. \ (n.) A duty formerly charged in the port of London on goods imported or exported by aliens, or by denizens who were the sons of aliens.
insert bit (v.) The part of a bridle, usually of iron, which is inserted in the mouth of a horse, and having appendages to which the reins are fastened. \ (v.) Fig.: Anything which curbs or restrains. \ (v. t.) To put a bridle upon; to put the bit in the mouth of. \ imp. & p. p. of Bite. \ (v.) A part of anything, such as may be bitten off or taken into the mouth; a morsel; a bite. Hence: A small piece of anything; a little; a mite. \ (v.) Somewhat; something, but not very great. \ (v.) A tool for boring, of various forms and sizes, usually turned by means of a brace or bitstock. See Bitstock. \ (v.) The part of a key which enters the lock and acts upon the bolt and tumblers. \ (v.) The cutting iron of a plane. \ (v.) In the Southern and Southwestern States, a small silver coin (as the real) formerly current; commonly, one worth about 12 1/2 cents; also, the sum of 12 1/2 cents. \ 3d sing. pr. of Bid, for biddeth. \ (imp.) of Bite \ of Bite \ (n.) In the British West Indies, a fourpenny piece, or groat.
insert name v. to appoint; to nominate; to give a name to; n. a word by which a person, animal or thing is known or called \ (n.) The title by which any person or thing is known or designated; a distinctive specific appellation, whether of an individual or a class. \ (n.) A descriptive or qualifying appellation given to a person or thing, on account of a character or acts. \ (n.) Reputed character; reputation, good or bad; estimation; fame; especially, illustrious character or fame; honorable estimation; distinction. \ (n.) Those of a certain name; a race; a family. \ (n.) A person, an individual. \ (n.) To give a distinctive name or appellation to; to entitle; to denominate; to style; to call. \ (n.) To mention by name; to utter or publish the name of; to refer to by distinctive title; to mention. \ (n.) To designate by name or specifically for any purpose; to specify; to appoint; as, to name a day for the wedding. \ (n.) To designate (a member) by name, as the Speaker does by way of reprimand.
insert brake imp. of Break. \ (n.) A fern of the genus Pteris, esp. the P. aquilina, common in almost all countries. It has solitary stems dividing into three principal branches. Less properly: Any fern. \ (n.) A thicket; a place overgrown with shrubs and brambles, with undergrowth and ferns, or with canes. \ (v. t.) An instrument or machine to break or bruise the woody part of flax or hemp so that it may be separated from the fiber. \ (v. t.) An extended handle by means of which a number of men can unite in working a pump, as in a fire engine. \ (v. t.) A baker's kneading though. \ (v. t.) A sharp bit or snaffle. \ (v. t.) A frame for confining a refractory horse while the smith is shoeing him; also, an inclosure to restrain cattle, horses, etc. \ (v. t.) That part of a carriage, as of a movable battery, or engine, which enables it to turn. \ (v. t.) An ancient engine of war analogous to the crossbow and ballista. \ (v. t.) A large, heavy harrow for breaking clods after plowing; a drag. \ (v. t.) A piece of mechanism for retarding or stopping motion by friction, as of a carriage or railway car, by the pressure of rubbers against the wheels, or of clogs or ratchets against the track or roadway, or of a pivoted lever against a wheel or drum in a machine. \ (v. t.) An apparatus for testing the power of a steam engine, or other motor, by weighing the amount of friction that the motor will overcome; a friction brake. \ (v. t.) A cart or carriage without a body, used in breaking in horses. \ (v. t.) An ancient instrument of torture. \ of Break
insert moreover (adv.) Beyond what has been said; further; besides; in addition; furthermore; also; likewise.
insert anger n. a strong emotion against someone or something \ (n.) Trouble; vexation; also, physical pain or smart of a sore, etc. \ (n.) A strong passion or emotion of displeasure or antagonism, excited by a real or supposed injury or insult to one's self or others, or by the intent to do such injury. \ (v. t.) To make painful; to cause to smart; to inflame. \ (v. t.) To excite to anger; to enrage; to provoke.
insert baker (v. i.) One whose business it is to bake bread, biscuit, etc. \ (v. i.) A portable oven in which baking is done.
insert curry (v. t.) To dress or prepare for use by a process of scraping, cleansing, beating, smoothing, and coloring; -- said of leather. \ (v. t.) To dress the hair or coat of (a horse, ox, or the like) with a currycomb and brush; to comb, as a horse, in order to make clean. \ (v. t.) To beat or bruise; to drub; -- said of persons. \ (n.) A kind of sauce much used in India, containing garlic, pepper, ginger, and other strong spices. \ (n.) A stew of fowl, fish, or game, cooked with curry. \ (v. t.) To flavor or cook with curry.
insert term n. a limited period of time during which someone does a job or carries out a responsibility ("He served two terms in Congress."); the conditions of an agreement that have been accepted by those involved in it \ (n.) That which limits the extent of anything; limit; extremity; bound; boundary. \ (n.) The time for which anything lasts; any limited time; as, a term of five years; the term of life. \ (n.) In universities, schools, etc., a definite continuous period during which instruction is regularly given to students, the school year is divided into three terms. \ (n.) A point, line, or superficies, that limits, a line is the term of a superficies, and a superficies is the term of a solid. \ (n.) A fixed period of time; a prescribed duration \ (n.) The limitation of an estate; or rather, the whole time for which an estate is granted, as for the term of a life or lives, or for a term of years. \ (n.) A space of time granted to a debtor for discharging his obligation. \ (n.) The time in which a court is held or is open for the trial of causes. \ (n.) The subject or the predicate of a proposition; one of the three component parts of a syllogism, each one of which is used twice. \ (n.) A word or expression; specifically, one that has a precisely limited meaning in certain relations and uses, or is peculiar to a science, art, profession, or the like, a technical term. \ (n.) A quadrangular pillar, adorned on the top with the figure of a head, as of a man, woman, or satyr; -- called also terminal figure. See Terminus, n., 2 and 3. \ (n.) A member of a compound quantity, a or b in a + b; ab or cd in ab - cd. \ (n.) The menses. \ (n.) Propositions or promises, as in contracts, which, when assented to or accepted by another, settle the contract and bind the parties; conditions. \ (n.) In Scotland, the time fixed for the payment of rents. \ (n.) A piece of carved work placed under each end of the taffrail. \ (n.) To apply a term to; to name; to call; to denominate.
insert blue ad. having the color like that of a clear sky \ (superl.) Having the color of the clear sky, or a hue resembling it, whether lighter or darker; as, the deep, blue sea; as blue as a sapphire; blue violets. \ (superl.) Pale, without redness or glare, -- said of a flame; hence, of the color of burning brimstone, betokening the presence of ghosts or devils, the candle burns blue; the air was blue with oaths. \ (superl.) Low in spirits; melancholy, to feel blue. \ (superl.) Suited to produce low spirits; gloomy in prospect, thongs looked blue. \ (superl.) Severe or over strict in morals; gloom, blue and sour religionists; suiting one who is over strict in morals; inculcating an impracticable, severe, or gloomy mortality, blue laws. \ (superl.) Literary; -- applied to women; -- an abbreviation of bluestocking. \ (n.) One of the seven colors into which the rays of light divide themselves, when refracted through a glass prism; the color of the clear sky, or a color resembling that; a pigment having such color. Sometimes, poetically, the sky. \ (n.) A pedantic woman; a bluestocking. \ (pl.) Low spirits; a fit of despondency; melancholy. \ (v. t.) To make blue; to dye of a blue color; to make blue by heating, as metals, etc.
insert suppose v. to believe, think or imagine ("I suppose you are right."); to expect ("It is supposed to rain tonight.") \ (v. t.) To represent to one's self, or state to another, not as true or real, but as if so, and with a view to some consequence or application which the reality would involve or admit of; to imagine or admit to exist, for the sake of argument or illustration; to assume to be true; as, let us suppose the earth to be the center of the system, what would be the result? \ (v. t.) To imagine; to believe; to receive as true. \ (v. t.) To require to exist or to be true; to imply by the laws of thought or of nature, purpose supposes foresight. \ (v. t.) To put by fraud in the place of another. \ (v. i.) To make supposition; to think; to be of opinion. \ (n.) Supposition.
insert swimmer (n.) One who swims. \ (n.) A protuberance on the leg of a horse. \ (n.) A swimming bird; one of the natatores.
insert moment (n.) A minute portion of time; a point of time; an instant; as, at thet very moment. \ (n.) Impulsive power; force; momentum. \ (n.) Importance, as in influence or effect; consequence; weight or value; consideration. \ (n.) An essential element; a deciding point, fact, or consideration; an essential or influential circumstance. \ (n.) An infinitesimal change in a varying quantity; an increment or decrement. \ (n.) Tendency, or measure of tendency, to produce motion, esp. motion about a fixed point or axis.
insert desert n. a dry area of land \ (n.) That which is deserved; the reward or the punishment justly due; claim to recompense, usually in a good sense; right to reward; merit. \ (n.) A deserted or forsaken region; a barren tract incapable of supporting population, as the vast sand plains of Asia and Africa are destitute and vegetation. \ (n.) A tract, which may be capable of sustaining a population, but has been left unoccupied and uncultivated; a wilderness; a solitary place. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a desert; forsaken; without life or cultivation; unproductive; waste; barren; wild; desolate; solitary; as, they landed on a desert island. \ (v. t.) To leave (especially something which one should stay by and support); to leave in the lurch; to abandon; to forsake; -- implying blame, except sometimes when used of localities, to desert a friend, a principle, a cause, one's country. \ (v. t.) To abandon (the service) without leave; to forsake in violation of duty; to abscond from, to desert the army; to desert one's colors. \ (v. i.) To abandon a service without leave; to quit military service without permission, before the expiration of one's term; to abscond.
insert sugar n. a sweet substance made from liquids taken from plants \ (n.) A sweet white (or brownish yellow) crystalline substance, of a sandy or granular consistency, obtained by crystallizing the evaporated juice of certain plants, as the sugar cane, sorghum, beet root, sugar maple, etc. It is used for seasoning and preserving many kinds of food and drink. Ordinary sugar is essentially sucrose. See the Note below. \ (n.) By extension, anything resembling sugar in taste or appearance; as, sugar of lead (lead acetate), a poisonous white crystalline substance having a sweet taste. \ (n.) Compliment or flattery used to disguise or render acceptable something obnoxious; honeyed or soothing words. \ (v. i.) In making maple sugar, to complete the process of boiling down the sirup till it is thick enough to crystallize; to approach or reach the state of granulation; -- with the preposition off. \ (v. t.) To impregnate, season, cover, or sprinkle with sugar; to mix sugar with. \ (v. t.) To cover with soft words; to disguise by flattery; to compliment; to sweeten, to sugar reproof.
insert identify v. to recognize someone or something and to say who or what they are \ (v. t.) To make to be the same; to unite or combine in such a manner as to make one; to treat as being one or having the same purpose or effect; to consider as the same in any relation. \ (v. t.) To establish the identity of; to prove to be the same with something described, claimed, or asserted; as, to identify stolen property. \ (v. i.) To become the same; to coalesce in interest, purpose, use, effect, etc.
insert suspect v. to imagine or believe that a person is guilty of something bad or illegal; n. a person believed to be guilty \ (a.) Suspicious; inspiring distrust. \ (a.) Suspected; distrusted. \ (a.) Suspicion. \ (a.) One who, or that which, is suspected; an object of suspicion; -- formerly applied to persons and things; now, only to persons suspected of crime. \ (v. t.) To imagine to exist; to have a slight or vague opinion of the existence of, without proof, and often upon weak evidence or no evidence; to mistrust; to surmise; -- commonly used regarding something unfavorable, hurtful, or wrong; as, to suspect the presence of disease. \ (v. t.) To imagine to be guilty, upon slight evidence, or without proof, to suspect one of equivocation. \ (v. t.) To hold to be uncertain; to doubt; to distruct, to suspect the truth of a story. \ (v. t.) To look up to; to respect. \ (v. i.) To imagine guilt; to have a suspicion or suspicions; to be suspicious.
insert policy n. an established set of plans or goals used to develop and make decisions in politics, economics or business \ (n.) Civil polity. \ (n.) The settled method by which the government and affairs of a nation are, or may be, administered; a system of public or official administration, as designed to promote the external or internal prosperity of a state. \ (n.) The method by which any institution is administered; system of management; course. \ (n.) Management or administration based on temporal or material interest, rather than on principles of equity or honor; hence, worldly wisdom; dexterity of management; cunning; stratagem. \ (n.) Prudence or wisdom in the management of public and private affairs; wisdom; sagacity; wit. \ (n.) Motive; object; inducement. \ (v. t.) To regulate by laws; to reduce to order. \ (n.) A ticket or warrant for money in the public funds. \ (n.) The writing or instrument in which a contract of insurance is embodied; an instrument in writing containing the terms and conditions on which one party engages to indemnify another against loss arising from certain hazards, perils, or risks to which his person or property may be exposed. See Insurance. \ (n.) A method of gambling by betting as to what numbers will be drawn in a lottery; as, to play policy. \ One that covers a group or class of things or properties instead of one or more things mentioned individually, as where a mortgage secures various debts as a group, or subjects a group or class of different pieces of property to one general lien.
insert bad ad. wrong; acting against the law; not good \ (imp.) Bade. \ (superl.) Wanting good qualities, whether physical or moral; injurious, hurtful, inconvenient, offensive, painful, unfavorable, or defective, either physically or morally; evil; vicious; wicked; -- the opposite of good; as, a bad man; bad conduct; bad habits; bad soil; bad health; bad crop; bad news. \ of Bid
insert strawberry (n.) A fragrant edible berry, of a delicious taste and commonly of a red color, the fruit of a plant of the genus Fragaria, of which there are many varieties. Also, the plant bearing the fruit. The common American strawberry is Fragaria virginiana; the European, F. vesca. There are also other less common species.
insert tie v. to join or hold together with some material; n. anything that joins or unites; links or connections ("The two nations have strong trade ties.") \ (v. t.) A knot; a fastening. \ (v. t.) A bond; an obligation, moral or legal; as, the sacred ties of friendship or of duty; the ties of allegiance. \ (v. t.) A knot of hair, as at the back of a wig. \ (v. t.) An equality in numbers, as of votes, scores, etc., which prevents either party from being victorious; equality in any contest, as a race. \ (v. t.) A beam or rod for holding two parts together; in railways, one of the transverse timbers which support the track and keep it in place. \ (v. t.) A line, usually straight, drawn across the stems of notes, or a curved line written over or under the notes, signifying that they are to be slurred, or closely united in the performance, or that two notes of the same pitch are to be sounded as one; a bind; a ligature. \ (v. t.) Low shoes fastened with lacings. \ (v. t.) To fasten with a band or cord and knot; to bind. \ (v. t.) To form, as a knot, by interlacing or complicating a cord; also, to interlace, or form a knot in, to tie a cord to a tree; to knit; to knot. \ (v. t.) To unite firmly; to fasten; to hold. \ (v. t.) To hold or constrain by authority or moral influence, as by knotted cords; to oblige; to constrain; to restrain; to confine. \ (v. t.) To unite, as notes, by a cross line, or by a curved line, or slur, drawn over or under them. \ (v. t.) To make an equal score with, in a contest; to be even with. \ (v. i.) To make a tie; to make an equal score.
insert eightieth (a.) The next in order after seventy-ninth. \ (a.) Consisting of one of eighty equal parts or divisions. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by eighty; one of eighty equal parts.
insert fairly (adv.) In a fair manner; clearly; openly; plainly; fully; distinctly; frankly. \ (adv.) Favorably; auspiciously; commodiously; as, a town fairly situated for foreign traade. \ (adv.) Honestly; properly. \ (adv.) Softly; quietly; gently.
insert stiff (superl.) Not easily bent; not flexible or pliant; not limber or flaccid; rigid; firm; as, stiff wood, paper, joints. \ (superl.) Not liquid or fluid; thick and tenacious; inspissated; neither soft nor hard, the paste is stiff. \ (superl.) Firm; strong; violent; difficult to oppose, a stiff gale or breeze. \ (superl.) Not easily subdued; unyielding; stubborn; obstinate; pertinacious, a stiff adversary. \ (superl.) Not natural and easy; formal; constrained; affected; starched, stiff behavior; a stiff style. \ (superl.) Harsh; disagreeable; severe; hard to bear. \ (superl.) Bearing a press of canvas without careening much, a stiff vessel; -- opposed to crank. \ (superl.) Very large, or costly; powerful, a stiff charge; a stiff price.
insert language n. words and their use; what people speak in a country, nation or group \ (n.) Any means of conveying or communicating ideas; specifically, human speech; the expression of ideas by the voice; sounds, expressive of thought, articulated by the organs of the throat and mouth. \ (n.) The expression of ideas by writing, or any other instrumentality. \ (n.) The forms of speech, or the methods of expressing ideas, peculiar to a particular nation. \ (n.) The characteristic mode of arranging words, peculiar to an individual speaker or writer; manner of expression; style. \ (n.) The inarticulate sounds by which animals inferior to man express their feelings or their wants. \ (n.) The suggestion, by objects, actions, or conditions, of ideas associated therewith; as, the language of flowers. \ (n.) The vocabulary and phraseology belonging to an art or department of knowledge, medical language; the language of chemistry or theology. \ (n.) A race, as distinguished by its speech. \ (v. t.) To communicate by language; to express in language.
insert lonely ad. feeling alone and wanting friends; visited by few or no people ("a lonely man") \ (superl.) Sequestered from company or neighbors; solitary; retired; as, a lonely situation; a lonely cell. \ (superl.) Alone, or in want of company; forsaken. \ (superl.) Not frequented by human beings, a lonely wood. \ (superl.) Having a feeling of depression or sadness resulting from the consciousness of being alone; lonesome.
insert so ad. in such a way that ("He held the flag so all could see it."); also; too ("She left early, and so did we."); very ("I am so sick."); as a result ("They were sick, so they could not come."); conj. in order that; for the purpose of ("Come early so we can discuss the plans.") \ (adv.) In that manner or degree; as, indicated (in any way), or as implied, or as supposed to be known. \ (adv.) In like manner or degree; in the same way; thus; for like reason; whith equal reason; -- used correlatively, following as, to denote comparison or resemblance; sometimes, following inasmuch as. \ (adv.) In such manner; to such degree; -- used correlatively with as or that following, he was so fortunate as to escape. \ (adv.) Very; in a high degree; that is, in such a degree as can not well be expressed, he is so good; he planned so wisely. \ (adv.) In the same manner; as has been stated or suggested; in this or that condition or state; under these circumstances; in this way; -- with reflex reference to something just asserted or implied; used also with the verb to be, as a predicate. \ (adv.) The case being such; therefore; on this account; for this reason; on these terms; -- used both as an adverb and a conjuction. \ (adv.) It is well; let it be as it is, or let it come to pass; -- used to express assent. \ (adv.) Well; the fact being as stated; -- used as an expletive, so the work is done, is it? \ (adv.) Is it thus? do you mean what you say? -- with an upward tone, do you say he refuses? So? \ (adv.) About the number, time, or quantity specified; thereabouts; more or less, I will spend a week or so in the country; I have read only a page or so. \ (conj.) Provided that; on condition that; in case that; if. \ (interj.) Be as you are; stand still; stop; that will do; right as you are; -- a word used esp. to cows; also used by sailors.
insert poem n. words and their sounds organized in a special way to express emotions \ (n.) A metrical composition; a composition in verse written in certain measures, whether in blank verse or in rhyme, and characterized by imagination and poetic diction; -- contradistinguished from prose; as, the poems of Homer or of Milton. \ (n.) A composition, not in verse, of which the language is highly imaginative or impassioned, a prose poem; the poems of Ossian.
insert adopt (v. t.) To take by choice into relationship, as, child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.; esp. to take voluntarily (a child of other parents) to be in the place of, or as, one's own child. \ (v. t.) To take or receive as one's own what is not so naturally; to select and take or approve, to adopt the view or policy of another; these resolutions were adopted.
insert deck (v. t.) To cover; to overspread. \ (v. t.) To dress, as the person; to clothe; especially, to clothe with more than ordinary elegance; to array; to adorn; to embellish. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a deck, as a vessel. \ (v.) The floorlike covering of the horizontal sections, or compartments, of a ship. Small vessels have only one deck; larger ships have two or three decks. \ (v.) The upper part or top of a mansard roof or curb roof when made nearly flat. \ (v.) The roof of a passenger car. \ (v.) A pack or set of playing cards. \ (v.) A heap or store. \ (n.) A main aeroplane surface, esp. of a biplane or multiplane.
insert decision (n.) Cutting off; division; detachment of a part. \ (n.) The act of deciding; act of settling or terminating, as a controversy, by giving judgment on the matter at issue; determination, as of a question or doubt; settlement; conclusion. \ (n.) An account or report of a conclusion, especially of a legal adjudication or judicial determination of a question or cause; as, a decision of arbitrators; a decision of the Supreme Court. \ (n.) The quality of being decided; prompt and fixed determination; unwavering firmness, to manifest great decision.
insert cast (imp. & p. p.) of Cast \ (v. t.) To send or drive by force; to throw; to fling; to hurl; to impel. \ (v. t.) To direct or turn, as the eyes. \ (v. t.) To drop; to deposit; as, to cast a ballot. \ (v. t.) To throw down, as in wrestling. \ (v. t.) To throw up, as a mound, or rampart. \ (v. t.) To throw off; to eject; to shed; to lose. \ (v. t.) To bring forth prematurely; to slink. \ (v. t.) To throw out or emit; to exhale. \ (v. t.) To cause to fall; to reflect, to cast a ray upon a screen; to cast light upon a subject. \ (v. t.) To impose; to bestow; to rest. \ (v. t.) To dismiss; to discard; to cashier. \ (v. t.) To compute; to reckon; to calculate, to cast a horoscope. \ (v. t.) To contrive; to plan. \ (v. t.) To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict, to be cast in damages. \ (v. t.) To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence, to make preponderate; to decide, a casting voice. \ (v. t.) To form into a particular shape, by pouring liquid metal or other material into a mold; to fashion; to found, to cast bells, stoves, bullets. \ (v. t.) To stereotype or electrotype. \ (v. t.) To fix, distribute, or allot, as the parts of a play among actors; also to assign (an actor) for a part. \ (v. i.) To throw, as a line in angling, esp, with a fly hook. \ (v. i.) To turn the head of a vessel around from the wind in getting under weigh. \ (v. i.) To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan, to cast about for reasons. \ (v. i.) To calculate; to compute. \ (v. i.) To receive form or shape in a mold. \ (v. i.) To warp; to become twisted out of shape. \ (v. i.) To vomit. \ 3d pres. of Cast, for Casteth. \ (n.) The act of casting or throwing; a throw. \ (n.) The thing thrown. \ (n.) The distance to which a thing is or can be thrown. \ (n.) A throw of dice, a chance or venture. \ (n.) That which is throw out or off, shed, or ejected, the skin of an insect, the refuse from a hawk's stomach, the excrement of a earthworm. \ (n.) The act of casting in a mold. \ (n.) An impression or mold, taken from a thing or person; amold; a pattern. \ (n.) That which is formed in a mild; esp. a reproduction or copy, as of a work of art, in bronze or plaster, etc.; a casting. \ (n.) Form; appearence; mien; air; style, a peculiar cast of countenance. \ (n.) A tendency to any color; a tinge; a shade. \ (n.) A chance, opportunity, privilege, or advantage; specifically, an opportunity of riding; a lift. \ (n.) The assignment of parts in a play to the actors. \ (n.) A flight or a couple or set of hawks let go at one time from the hand. \ (n.) A stoke, touch, or trick. \ (n.) A motion or turn, as of the eye; direction; look; glance; squint. \ (n.) A tube or funnel for conveying metal into a mold. \ (n.) Four; that is, as many as are thrown into a vessel at once in counting herrings, etc; a warp. \ (n.) Contrivance; plot, design.
insert later (n.) A brick or tile. \ (a.) Compar. of Late, a. & adv.
insert coin (n.) A quoin; a corner or external angle; a wedge. See Coigne, and Quoin. \ (n.) A piece of metal on which certain characters are stamped by government authority, making it legally current as money; -- much used in a collective sense. \ (n.) That which serves for payment or recompense. \ (v. t.) To make of a definite fineness, and convert into coins, as a mass of metal; to mint; to manufacture; as, to coin silver dollars; to coin a medal. \ (v. t.) To make or fabricate; to invent; to originate, to coin a word. \ (v. t.) To acquire rapidly, as money; to make. \ (v. i.) To manufacture counterfeit money.
insert May (v.) An auxiliary verb qualifyng the meaning of another verb, by expressing: (a) Ability, competency, or possibility; -- now oftener expressed by can. \ (n.) A maiden. \ (n.) The fifth month of the year, containing thirty-one days. \ (n.) The early part or springtime of life. \ (n.) The flowers of the hawthorn; -- so called from their time of blossoming; also, the hawthorn. \ (n.) The merrymaking of May Day.
insert carpet (n.) A heavy woven or felted fabric, usually of wool, but also of cotton, hemp, straw, etc.; esp. a floor covering made in breadths to be sewed together and nailed to the floor, as distinguished from a rug or mat; originally, also, a wrought cover for tables. \ (n.) A smooth soft covering resembling or suggesting a carpet. \ (v. t.) To cover with, or as with, a carpet; to spread with carpets; to furnish with a carpet or carpets.
insert revolution (n.) The act of revolving, or turning round on an axis or a center; the motion of a body round a fixed point or line; rotation; as, the revolution of a wheel, of a top, of the earth on its axis, etc. \ (n.) Return to a point before occupied, or to a point relatively the same; a rolling back; return, revolution in an ellipse or spiral. \ (n.) The space measured by the regular return of a revolving body; the period made by the regular recurrence of a measure of time, or by a succession of similar events. \ (n.) The motion of any body, as a planet or satellite, in a curved line or orbit, until it returns to the same point again; -- designated as the annual, anomalistic, nodical, sidereal, or tropical revolution, according as the point of return or completion has a fixed relation to the year, the anomaly, the nodes, the stars, or the tropics, the revolution of the earth about the sun; the revolution of the moon about the earth. \ (n.) The motion of a point, line, or surface about a point or line as its center or axis, in such a manner that a moving point generates a curve, a moving line a surface (called a surface of revolution), and a moving surface a solid (called a solid of revolution), the revolution of a right-angled triangle about one of its sides generates a cone; the revolution of a semicircle about the diameter generates a sphere. \ (n.) A total or radical change, a revolution in one's circumstances or way of living. \ (n.) A fundamental change in political organization, or in a government or constitution; the overthrow or renunciation of one government, and the substitution of another, by the governed.
insert attempt v. to work toward something; to try; to make an effort \ (v. t.) To make trial or experiment of; to endeavor to do or perform (some action); to assay; as, to attempt to sing; to attempt a bold flight. \ (v. t.) To try to move, by entreaty, by afflictions, or by temptations; to tempt. \ (v. t.) To try to win, subdue, or overcome, one who attempts the virtue of a woman. \ (v. t.) To attack; to make an effort or attack upon; to try to take by force, to attempt the enemy's camp. \ (v. i.) To make an attempt; -- with upon. \ (n.) A essay, trial, or endeavor; an undertaking; an attack, or an effort to gain a point; esp. an unsuccessful, as contrasted with a successful, effort.
insert motorcycle (n.) A bicycle having a motor attached so as to be self-propelled. In Great Britain the term motor cycle is treated by statute (3 Ed VII. c. 36) as limited to motor cars (self-propelled vehicles) designed to travel on not more than three wheels, and weighing unladen (that is, without water, fuel, or accumulators necessary for propulsion) not more than three hundred weight (336 lbs.).
insert safety (n.) The condition or state of being safe; freedom from danger or hazard; exemption from hurt, injury, or loss. \ (n.) Freedom from whatever exposes one to danger or from liability to cause danger or harm; safeness; hence, the quality of making safe or secure, or of giving confidence, justifying trust, insuring against harm or loss, etc. \ (n.) Preservation from escape; close custody. \ (n.) Same as Safety touchdown, below. \ (n.) A safety touchdown. \ (n.) Short for Safety bicycle.
insert overnight (n.) The fore part of the night last past; the previous evening. \ (adv.) In the fore part of the night last past; in the evening before; also, during the night; as, the candle will not last overnight.
insert certainly (adv.) Without doubt or question; unquestionably.
insert empty ad. having nothing inside; v. to remove everything \ (superl.) Containing nothing; not holding or having anything within; void of contents or appropriate contents; not filled; -- said of an inclosure, as a box, room, house, etc.; as, an empty chest, purse, or pitcher; an empty stomach; empty shackles. \ (superl.) Free; clear; devoid; -- often with of. \ (superl.) Having nothing to carry; unburdened. \ (superl.) Destitute of effect, sincerity, or sense; -- said of language, empty words, or threats. \ (superl.) Unable to satisfy; unsatisfactory; hollow; vain; -- said of pleasure, the world, etc. \ (superl.) Producing nothing; unfruitful; -- said of a plant or tree, an empty vine. \ (superl.) Destitute of, or lacking, sense, knowledge, or courtesy, empty brains; an empty coxcomb. \ (superl.) Destitute of reality, or real existence; unsubstantial, empty dreams. \ (n.) An empty box, crate, cask; -- used in commerce, esp. in transportation of freight, "special rates for empties." \ (v. t.) To deprive of the contents; to exhaust; to make void or destitute; to make vacant; to pour out; to discharge, to empty a vessel; to empty a well or a cistern. \ (v. i.) To discharge itself, a river empties into the ocean. \ (v. i.) To become empty.
insert plastic n. a material made from chemicals that can be formed and made into things \ (a.) Having the power to give form or fashion to a mass of matter; as, the plastic hand of the Creator. \ (a.) Capable of being molded, formed, or modeled, as clay or plaster; -- used also figuratively, the plastic mind of a child. \ (a.) Pertaining or appropriate to, or characteristic of, molding or modeling; produced by, or appearing as if produced by; -- said of sculpture and the kindred arts, in distinction from painting and the graphic arts. \ (n.) a substance composed predominantly of a synthetic organic high polymer capable of being cast or molded; many varieties of plastic are used to produce articles of commerce (after 1900). [MW10 gives origin of word as 1905]
insert envelope (n.) Alt. of Envelop
insert beg (n.) A title of honor in Turkey and in some other parts of the East; a bey. \ (v. t.) To ask earnestly for; to entreat or supplicate for; to beseech. \ (v. t.) To ask for as a charity, esp. to ask for habitually or from house to house. \ (v. t.) To make petition to; to entreat; as, to beg a person to grant a favor. \ (v. t.) To take for granted; to assume without proof. \ (v. t.) To ask to be appointed guardian for, or to ask to have a guardian appointed for. \ (v. i.) To ask alms or charity, especially to ask habitually by the wayside or from house to house; to live by asking alms.
insert habit (n.) The usual condition or state of a person or thing, either natural or acquired, regarded as something had, possessed, and firmly retained; as, a religious habit; his habit is morose; elms have a spreading habit; esp., physical temperament or constitution, a full habit of body. \ (n.) The general appearance and manner of life of a living organism. \ (n.) Fixed or established custom; ordinary course of conduct; practice; usage; hence, prominently, the involuntary tendency or aptitude to perform certain actions which is acquired by their frequent repetition, habit is second nature; also, peculiar ways of acting; characteristic forms of behavior. \ (n.) Outward appearance; attire; dress, a garment, a closely fitting garment or dress worn by ladies, a riding habit. \ (n.) To inhabit. \ (n.) To dress; to clothe; to array. \ (n.) To accustom; to habituate. [Obs.] Chapman.
insert afterward (adv.) At a later or succeeding time.
insert fever (n.) A diseased state of the system, marked by increased heat, acceleration of the pulse, and a general derangement of the functions, including usually, thirst and loss of appetite. Many diseases, of which fever is the most prominent symptom, are denominated fevers; as, typhoid fever; yellow fever. \ (n.) Excessive excitement of the passions in consequence of strong emotion; a condition of great excitement, this quarrel has set my blood in a fever. \ (v. t.) To put into a fever; to affect with fever, a fevered lip.
insert voice n. the sound made by creatures, especially humans, for speaking \ (n.) Sound uttered by the mouth, especially that uttered by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character; as, the human voice; a pleasant voice; a low voice. \ (n.) Sound of the kind or quality heard in speech or song in the consonants b, v, d, etc., and in the vowels; sonant, or intonated, utterance; tone; -- distinguished from mere breath sound as heard in f, s, sh, and also whisper. \ (n.) The tone or sound emitted by anything. \ (n.) The faculty or power of utterance, to cultivate the voice. \ (n.) Language; words; speech; expression; signification of feeling or opinion. \ (n.) Opinion or choice expressed; judgment; a vote. \ (n.) Command; precept; -- now chiefly used in scriptural language. \ (n.) One who speaks; a speaker. \ (n.) A particular mode of inflecting or conjugating verbs, or a particular form of a verb, by means of which is indicated the relation of the subject of the verb to the action which the verb expresses. \ (v. t.) To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce; to divulge, to voice the sentiments of the nation. \ (v. t.) To utter with sonant or vocal tone; to pronounce with a narrowed glottis and rapid vibrations of the vocal cords; to speak above a whisper. \ (v. t.) To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of, to voice the pipes of an organ. \ (v. t.) To vote; to elect; to appoint. \ (v. i.) To clamor; to cry out.
insert bend (v. t.) To strain or move out of a straight line; to crook by straining; to make crooked; to curve; to make ready for use by drawing into a curve; as, to bend a bow; to bend the knee. \ (v. t.) To turn toward some certain point; to direct; to incline. \ (v. t.) To apply closely or with interest; to direct. \ (v. t.) To cause to yield; to render submissive; to subdue. \ (v. t.) To fasten, as one rope to another, or as a sail to its yard or stay; or as a cable to the ring of an anchor. \ (v. i.) To be moved or strained out of a straight line; to crook or be curving; to bow. \ (v. i.) To jut over; to overhang. \ (v. i.) To be inclined; to be directed. \ (v. i.) To bow in prayer, or in token of submission. \ (n.) A turn or deflection from a straight line or from the proper direction or normal position; a curve; a crook, a slight bend of the body; a bend in a road. \ (n.) Turn; purpose; inclination; ends. \ (n.) A knot by which one rope is fastened to another or to an anchor, spar, or post. \ (n.) The best quality of sole leather; a butt. See Butt. \ (n.) Hard, indurated clay; bind. \ (n.) same as caisson disease. Usually referred to as the bends. \ (n.) A band. \ (n.) One of the honorable ordinaries, containing a third or a fifth part of the field. It crosses the field diagonally from the dexter chief to the sinister base.
insert rhythm (n.) In the widest sense, a dividing into short portions by a regular succession of motions, impulses, sounds, accents, etc., producing an agreeable effect, as in music poetry, the dance, or the like. \ (n.) Movement in musical time, with periodical recurrence of accent; the measured beat or pulse which marks the character and expression of the music; symmetry of movement and accent. \ (n.) A division of lines into short portions by a regular succession of arses and theses, or percussions and remissions of voice on words or syllables. \ (n.) The harmonious flow of vocal sounds.
insert wolf (a.) Any one of several species of wild and savage carnivores belonging to the genus Canis and closely allied to the common dog. The best-known and most destructive species are the European wolf (Canis lupus), the American gray, or timber, wolf (C. occidentalis), and the prairie wolf, or coyote. Wolves often hunt in packs, and may thus attack large animals and even man. \ (a.) One of the destructive, and usually hairy, larvae of several species of beetles and grain moths; as, the bee wolf. \ (a.) Fig.: Any very ravenous, rapacious, or destructive person or thing; especially, want; starvation, they toiled hard to keep the wolf from the door. \ (a.) A white worm, or maggot, which infests granaries. \ (a.) An eating ulcer or sore. Cf. Lupus. \ (a.) The harsh, howling sound of some of the chords on an organ or piano tuned by unequal temperament. \ (a.) In bowed instruments, a harshness due to defective vibration in certain notes of the scale. \ (a.) A willying machine.
insert manager (n.) One who manages; a conductor or director; as, the manager of a theater. \ (n.) A person who conducts business or household affairs with economy and frugality; a good economist. \ (n.) A contriver; an intriguer.
insert earring (n.) An ornament consisting of a ring passed through the lobe of the ear, with or without a pendant.
insert progress n. movement forward or toward improvement or a goal \ (n.) A moving or going forward; a proceeding onward; an advance \ (n.) In actual space, as the progress of a ship, carriage, etc. \ (n.) In the growth of an animal or plant; increase. \ (n.) In business of any kind; as, the progress of a negotiation; the progress of art. \ (n.) In knowledge; in proficiency, the progress of a child at school. \ (n.) Toward ideal completeness or perfection in respect of quality or condition; -- applied to individuals, communities, or the race, social, moral, religious, or political progress. \ (n.) A journey of state; a circuit; especially, one made by a sovereign through parts of his own dominions. \ (v. i.) To make progress; to move forward in space; to continue onward in course; to proceed; to advance; to go on, railroads are progressing. \ (v. i.) To make improvement; to advance. \ (v. t.) To make progress in; to pass through.
insert harm v. to injure; to damage; n. damage; hurt \ (n.) Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune. \ (n.) That which causes injury, or loss. \ (n.) To hurt; to injure; to wrong.
insert economy n. the system by which money, industry and trade are organized \ (n.) The management of domestic affairs; the regulation and government of household matters; especially as they concern expense or disbursement; as, a careful economy. \ (n.) Orderly arrangement and management of the internal affairs of a state or of any establishment kept up by production and consumption; esp., such management as directly concerns wealth, political economy. \ (n.) The system of rules and regulations by which anything is managed; orderly system of regulating the distribution and uses of parts, conceived as the result of wise and economical adaptation in the author, whether human or divine, the animal or vegetable economy; the economy of a poem; the Jewish economy. \ (n.) Thrifty and frugal housekeeping; management without loss or waste; frugality in expenditure; prudence and disposition to save, a housekeeper accustomed to economy but not to parsimony.
insert coast n. land on the edge of the ocean \ (v. t.) The side of a thing. \ (v. t.) The exterior line, limit, or border of a country; frontier border. \ (v. t.) The seashore, or land near it. \ (n.) To draw or keep near; to approach. \ (n.) To sail by or near the shore. \ (n.) To sail from port to port in the same country. \ (n.) To slide down hill; to slide on a sled, upon snow or ice. \ (v. t.) To draw near to; to approach; to keep near, or by the side of. \ (v. t.) To sail by or near; to follow the coast line of. \ (v. t.) To conduct along a coast or river bank.
insert to prep. showing the direction of an action; showing the person or place toward which an action is directed; showing a goal or purpose \ (prep.) The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival, motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it, access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement toward; -- opposed to from. \ (prep.) Hence, it indicates motion, course, or tendency toward a time, a state or condition, an aim, or anything capable of being regarded as a limit to a tendency, movement, or action; as, he is going to a trade; he is rising to wealth and honor. \ (prep.) In a very general way, and with innumerable varieties of application, to connects transitive verbs with their remoter or indirect object, and adjectives, nouns, and neuter or passive verbs with a following noun which limits their action. Its sphere verges upon that of for, but it contains less the idea of design or appropriation, these remarks were addressed to a large audience; let us keep this seat to ourselves; a substance sweet to the taste; an event painful to the mind; duty to God and to our parents; a dislike to spirituous liquor. \ (prep.) As sign of the infinitive, to had originally the use of last defined, governing the infinitive as a verbal noun, and connecting it as indirect object with a preceding verb or adjective; thus, ready to go, i.e., ready unto going; good to eat, good for eating; I do my utmost to lead my life pleasantly. But it has come to be the almost constant prefix to the infinitive, even in situations where it has no prepositional meaning, as where the infinitive is direct object or subject, I love to learn, I love learning; to die for one's country is noble, the dying for one's country. Where the infinitive denotes the design or purpose, good usage formerly allowed the prefixing of for to the to, what went ye out for see? (Matt. xi. 8). \ (prep.) In many phrases, and in connection with many other words, to has a pregnant meaning, or is used elliptically. \ (prep.) Extent; limit; degree of comprehension; inclusion as far as, they met us to the number of three hundred. \ (prep.) Effect; end; consequence, the prince was flattered to his ruin; he engaged in a war to his cost; violent factions exist to the prejudice of the state. \ (prep.) Apposition; connection; antithesis; opposition, they engaged hand to hand. \ (prep.) Accord; adaptation, an occupation to his taste; she has a husband to her mind. \ (prep.) Comparison, three is to nine as nine is to twenty-seven; it is ten to one that you will offend him. \ (prep.) Addition; union; accumulation. \ (prep.) Accompaniment, she sang to his guitar; they danced to the music of a piano. \ (prep.) Character; condition of being; purpose subserved or office filled.
insert fiftieth (a.) Next in order after the forty-ninth; -- the ordinal of fifty. \ (a.) Consisting of one of fifty equal parts or divisions. \ (n.) One of fifty equal parts; the quotient of a unit divided by fifty.
insert jail n. a prison for those waiting to be tried for a crime or for those serving sentences for crimes that are not serious \ (n.) A kind of prison; a building for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody, especially for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding. \ (v. t.) To imprison.
insert accent (n.) A superior force of voice or of articulative effort upon some particular syllable of a word or a phrase, distinguishing it from the others. \ (n.) A mark or character used in writing, and serving to regulate the pronunciation; esp.: (a) a mark to indicate the nature and place of the spoken accent; (b) a mark to indicate the quality of sound of the vowel marked; as, the French accents. \ (n.) Modulation of the voice in speaking; manner of speaking or pronouncing; peculiar or characteristic modification of the voice; tone, a foreign accent; a French or a German accent. \ (n.) A word; a significant tone \ (n.) expressions in general; speech. \ (n.) Stress laid on certain syllables of a verse. \ (n.) A regularly recurring stress upon the tone to mark the beginning, and, more feebly, the third part of the measure. \ (n.) A special emphasis of a tone, even in the weaker part of the measure. \ (n.) The rhythmical accent, which marks phrases and sections of a period. \ (n.) The expressive emphasis and shading of a passage. \ (n.) A mark placed at the right hand of a letter, and a little above it, to distinguish magnitudes of a similar kind expressed by the same letter, but differing in value, as y', y''. \ (n.) A mark at the right hand of a number, indicating minutes of a degree, seconds, etc., 12'27'', i. e., twelve minutes twenty seven seconds. \ (n.) A mark used to denote feet and inches, 6' 10'' is six feet ten inches. \ (v. t.) To express the accent of (either by the voice or by a mark); to utter or to mark with accent. \ (v. t.) To mark emphatically; to emphasize.
insert extra ad. more than normal, expected or necessary \ (a.) Beyond what is due, usual, expected, or necessary; additional; supernumerary; also, extraordinarily good; superior; as, extra work; extra pay. \ (n.) Something in addition to what is due, or customary; something in addition to the regular charge or compensation, or for which an additional charge is made, at European hotels lights are extras. \ (n.) Something in addition to what is due; esp., an added charge or fee, or something for which an additional charge is made. \ (n.) An edition of a newspaper issued at a time other than the regular one. \ (n.) A run, as from a bye, credited to the general score but not made from a hit. \ (n.) Something of an extra quality or grade.
insert thick ad. having a large distance between two opposite surfaces ("The wall is two meters thick."); having many parts close together ("The forest is very thick."); almost solid, such as a liquid that does not flow easily; opposite thin \ (superl.) Measuring in the third dimension other than length and breadth, or in general dimension other than length; -- said of a solid body; as, a timber seven inches thick. \ (superl.) Having more depth or extent from one surface to its opposite than usual; not thin or slender, a thick plank; thick cloth; thick paper; thick neck. \ (superl.) Dense; not thin; inspissated, thick vapors. Also used figuratively, thick darkness. \ (superl.) Not transparent or clear; hence, turbid, muddy, or misty, the water of a river is apt to be thick after a rain. \ (superl.) Abundant, close, or crowded in space; closely set; following in quick succession; frequently recurring. \ (superl.) Not having due distinction of syllables, or good articulation; indistinct, a thick utterance. \ (superl.) Deep; profound, thick sleep. \ (superl.) Dull; not quick, thick of fearing. \ (superl.) Intimate; very friendly; familiar. \ (n.) The thickest part, or the time when anything is thickest. \ (n.) A thicket, gloomy thicks. \ (adv.) Frequently; fast; quick. \ (adv.) Closely, a plat of ground thick sown. \ (adv.) To a great depth, or to a greater depth than usual, land covered thick with manure. \ (v. t. & i.) To thicken. \ dumb, unreasonable / He is a little bit thick and never understands what I want to say.
insert necessary ad. needed to get a result or effect; required \ (a.) Such as must be; impossible to be otherwise; not to be avoided; inevitable. \ (a.) Impossible to be otherwise, or to be dispensed with, without preventing the attainment of a desired result; indispensable; requiste; essential. \ (a.) Acting from necessity or compulsion; involuntary; -- opposed to free; as, whether man is a necessary or a free agent is a question much discussed. \ (n.) A thing that is necessary or indispensable to some purpose; something that one can not do without; a requisite; an essential; -- used chiefly in the plural, the necessaries of life. \ (n.) A privy; a water-closet. \ (n.) Such things, in respect to infants, lunatics, and married women, as are requisite for support suitable to station.
insert pole (n.) A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Polander. \ (n.) A long, slender piece of wood; a tall, slender piece of timber; the stem of a small tree whose branches have been removed; as, specifically: (a) A carriage pole, a wooden bar extending from the front axle of a carriage between the wheel horses, by which the carriage is guided and held back. (b) A flag pole, a pole on which a flag is supported. (c) A Maypole. See Maypole. (d) A barber's pole, a pole painted in stripes, used as a sign by barbers and hairdressers. (e) A pole on which climbing beans, hops, or other vines, are trained. \ (n.) A measuring stick; also, a measure of length equal to 5/ yards, or a square measure equal to 30/ square yards; a rod; a perch. \ (v. t.) To furnish with poles for support, to pole beans or hops. \ (v. t.) To convey on poles, to pole hay into a barn. \ (v. t.) To impel by a pole or poles, as a boat. \ (v. t.) To stir, as molten glass, with a pole. \ (n.) Either extremity of an axis of a sphere; especially, one of the extremities of the earth's axis, the north pole. \ (n.) A point upon the surface of a sphere equally distant from every part of the circumference of a great circle; or the point in which a diameter of the sphere perpendicular to the plane of such circle meets the surface. Such a point is called the pole of that circle, the pole of the horizon; the pole of the ecliptic; the pole of a given meridian. \ (n.) One of the opposite or contrasted parts or directions in which a polar force is manifested; a point of maximum intensity of a force which has two such points, or which has polarity, the poles of a magnet; the north pole of a needle. \ (n.) The firmament; the sky. \ (n.) See Polarity, and Polar, n.
insert fill v. to put or pour something into a container until there is space for no more \ (n.) One of the thills or shafts of a carriage. \ (a.) To make full; to supply with as much as can be held or contained; to put or pour into, till no more can be received; to occupy the whole capacity of. \ (a.) To furnish an abudant supply to; to furnish with as mush as is desired or desirable; to occupy the whole of; to swarm in or overrun. \ (a.) To fill or supply fully with food; to feed; to satisfy. \ (a.) To possess and perform the duties of; to officiate in, as an incumbent; to occupy; to hold; as, a king fills a throne; the president fills the office of chief magistrate; the speaker of the House fills the chair. \ (a.) To supply with an incumbent, to fill an office or a vacancy. \ (a.) To press and dilate, as a sail, the wind filled the sails. \ (a.) To trim (a yard) so that the wind shall blow on the after side of the sails. \ (a.) To make an embankment in, or raise the level of (a low place), with earth or gravel. \ (v. i.) To become full; to have the whole capacity occupied; to have an abundant supply; to be satiated, corn fills well in a warm season; the sail fills with the wind. \ (v. i.) To fill a cup or glass for drinking. \ (v. t.) A full supply, as much as supplies want; as much as gives complete satisfaction. \ (n.) That which fills; filling; specif., an embankment, as in railroad construction, to fill a hollow or ravine; also, the place which is to be filled.
insert nod (v. i.) To bend or incline the upper part, with a quick motion; as, nodding plumes. \ (v. i.) To incline the head with a quick motion; to make a slight bow; to make a motion of assent, of salutation, or of drowsiness, with the head, to nod at one. \ (v. i.) To be drowsy or dull; to be careless. \ (v. t.) To incline or bend, as the head or top, or of drowsiness with, to nod the head. \ (v. t.) To signify by a nod, to nod approbation. \ (v. t.) To cause to bend. \ (n.) A dropping or bending forward of the upper oart or top of anything. \ (n.) A quick or slight downward or forward motion of the head, in assent, in familiar salutation, in drowsiness, or in giving a signal, or a command.
insert monkey (n.) In the most general sense, any one of the Quadrumana, including apes, baboons, and lemurs. \ (n.) Any species of Quadrumana, except the lemurs. \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of Quadrumana (esp. such as have a long tail and prehensile feet) exclusive of apes and baboons. \ (n.) A term of disapproval, ridicule, or contempt, as for a mischievous child. \ (n.) The weight or hammer of a pile driver, that is, a very heavy mass of iron, which, being raised on high, falls on the head of the pile, and drives it into the earth; the falling weight of a drop hammer used in forging. \ (n.) A small trading vessel of the sixteenth century. \ (v. t. & i.) To act or treat as a monkey does; to ape; to act in a grotesque or meddlesome manner.
insert jungle (n.) A dense growth of brushwood, grasses, reeds, vines, etc.; an almost impenetrable thicket of trees, canes, and reedy vegetation, as in India, Africa, Australia, and Brazil.
insert function (n.) The act of executing or performing any duty, office, or calling; per formance. \ (n.) The appropriate action of any special organ or part of an animal or vegetable organism; as, the function of the heart or the limbs; the function of leaves, sap, roots, etc.; life is the sum of the functions of the various organs and parts of the body. \ (n.) The natural or assigned action of any power or faculty, as of the soul, or of the intellect; the exertion of an energy of some determinate kind. \ (n.) The course of action which peculiarly pertains to any public officer in church or state; the activity appropriate to any business or profession. \ (n.) A quantity so connected with another quantity, that if any alteration be made in the latter there will be a consequent alteration in the former. Each quantity is said to be a function of the other. Thus, the circumference of a circle is a function of the diameter. If x be a symbol to which different numerical values can be assigned, such expressions as x2, 3x, Log. x, and Sin. x, are all functions of x. \ (v. i.) Alt. of Functionate \ (n.) A religious ceremony, esp. one particularly impressive and elaborate. \ (n.) A public or social ceremony or gathering; a festivity or entertainment, esp. one somewhat formal.
insert July (n.) The seventh month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert bus n. a public vehicle to carry people \ (n.) An omnibus.
insert far ad. at, to or from a great distance \ (n.) A young pig, or a litter of pigs. \ (a.) Distant in any direction; not near; remote; mutually separated by a wide space or extent. \ (a.) Remote from purpose; contrary to design or wishes; as, far be it from me to justify cruelty. \ (a.) Remote in affection or obedience; at a distance, morally or spiritually; t enmity with; alienated. \ (a.) Widely different in nature or quality; opposite in character. \ (a.) The more distant of two, the far side (called also off side) of a horse, that is, the right side, or the one opposite to the rider when he mounts. \ (adv.) To a great extent or distance of space; widely, we are separated far from each other. \ (adv.) To a great distance in time from any point; remotely, he pushed his researches far into antiquity. \ (adv.) In great part, the day is far spent. \ (adv.) In a great proportion; by many degrees; very much; deeply; greatly.
insert supper (n.) A meal taken at the close of the day; the evening meal. \ (v. i.) To take supper; to sup. \ (v. t.) To supply with supper.
insert delight (v. t.) A high degree of gratification of mind; a high- wrought state of pleasurable feeling; lively pleasure; extreme satisfaction; joy. \ (v. t.) That which gives great pleasure or delight. \ (v. t.) Licentious pleasure; lust. \ (v. t.) To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly; as, a beautiful landscape delights the eye; harmony delights the ear. \ (v. i.) To have or take great delight or pleasure; to be greatly pleased or rejoiced; -- followed by an infinitive, or by in.
insert audience (a.) The act of hearing; attention to sounds. \ (a.) Admittance to a hearing; a formal interview, esp. with a sovereign or the head of a government, for conference or the transaction of business. \ (a.) An auditory; an assembly of hearers. Also applied by authors to their readers.
insert brow (n.) The prominent ridge over the eye, with the hair that covers it, forming an arch above the orbit. \ (n.) The hair that covers the brow (ridge over the eyes); the eyebrow. \ (n.) The forehead; as, a feverish brow. \ (n.) The general air of the countenance. \ (n.) The edge or projecting upper part of a steep place, the brow of a precipice; the brow of a hill. \ (v. t.) To bound to limit; to be at, or form, the edge of.
insert jump v. to push down on the feet and move up quickly into the air \ (n.) A kind of loose jacket for men. \ (n.) A bodice worn instead of stays by women in the 18th century. \ (v. i.) To spring free from the ground by the muscular action of the feet and legs; to project one's self through the air; to spring; to bound; to leap. \ (v. i.) To move as if by jumping; to bounce; to jolt. \ (v. i.) To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; -- followed by with. \ (v. t.) To pass by a spring or leap; to overleap; as, to jump a stream. \ (v. t.) To cause to jump, he jumped his horse across the ditch. \ (v. t.) To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard. \ (v. t.) To join by a butt weld. \ (v. t.) To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset. \ (v. t.) To bore with a jumper. \ (n.) The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound. \ (n.) An effort; an attempt; a venture. \ (n.) The space traversed by a leap. \ (n.) A dislocation in a stratum; a fault. \ (n.) An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry. \ (a.) Nice; exact; matched; fitting; precise. \ (adv.) Exactly; pat.
insert Monday (n.) The second day of the week; the day following Sunday.
insert greatness (n.) The state, condition, or quality of being great; as, greatness of size, greatness of mind, power, etc. \ (n.) Pride; haughtiness.
insert ice n. frozen water \ (n.) Water or other fluid frozen or reduced to the solid state by cold; frozen water. It is a white or transparent colorless substance, crystalline, brittle, and viscoidal. Its specific gravity (0.92, that of water at 4, C. being 1.0) being less than that of water, ice floats. \ (n.) Concreted sugar. \ (n.) Water, cream, custard, etc., sweetened, flavored, and artificially frozen. \ (n.) Any substance having the appearance of ice; as, camphor ice. \ (v. t.) To cover with ice; to convert into ice, or into something resembling ice. \ (v. t.) To cover with icing, or frosting made of sugar and milk or white of egg; to frost, as cakes, tarts, etc. \ (v. t.) To chill or cool, as with ice; to freeze.
insert north n. the direction to the left of a person facing the rising sun \ (n.) That one of the four cardinal points of the compass, at any place, which lies in the direction of the true meridian, and to the left hand of a person facing the east; the direction opposite to the south. \ (n.) Any country or region situated farther to the north than another; the northern section of a country. \ (n.) Specifically: That part of the United States lying north of Mason and Dixon's line. See under Line. \ (a.) Lying toward the north; situated at the north, or in a northern direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the north, or coming from the north. \ (v. i.) To turn or move toward the north; to veer from the east or west toward the north. \ (adv.) Northward.
insert prove v. to show to be true \ (v. t.) To try or to ascertain by an experiment, or by a test or standard; to test; as, to prove the strength of gunpowder or of ordnance; to prove the contents of a vessel by a standard measure. \ (v. t.) To evince, establish, or ascertain, as truth, reality, or fact, by argument, testimony, or other evidence. \ (v. t.) To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify, to prove a will. \ (v. t.) To gain experience of the good or evil of; to know by trial; to experience; to suffer. \ (v. t.) To test, evince, ascertain, or verify, as the correctness of any operation or result; thus, in subtraction, if the difference between two numbers, added to the lesser number, makes a sum equal to the greater, the correctness of the subtraction is proved. \ (v. t.) To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of, to prove a page. \ (v. i.) To make trial; to essay. \ (v. i.) To be found by experience, trial, or result; to turn out to be, a medicine proves salutary; the report proves false. \ (v. i.) To succeed; to turn out as expected.
insert heavy ad. having much weight; not easy to lift; of great amount or force \ (a.) Having the heaves. \ (superl.) Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as, a heavy stone; hence, sometimes, large in extent, quantity, or effects, a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business transactions, etc.; often implying strength, a heavy barrier; also, difficult to move, a heavy draught. \ (superl.) Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or accomplish, grievous, afflictive, heavy yokes, expenses, undertakings, trials, news, etc. \ (superl.) Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down, either with an actual burden, or with care, grief, pain, disappointment. \ (superl.) Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid, a heavy gait, looks, manners, style, and the like; a heavy writer or book. \ (superl.) Strong; violent; forcible, a heavy sea, storm, cannonade, and the like. \ (superl.) Loud; deep; -- said of sound, heavy thunder. \ (superl.) Dark with clouds, or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky. \ (superl.) Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth, a heavy road, soil, and the like. \ (superl.) Not raised or made light, heavy bread. \ (superl.) Not agreeable to, or suitable for, the stomach; not easily digested; -- said of food. \ (superl.) Having much body or strength; -- said of wines, or other liquors. \ (superl.) With child; pregnant. \ (adv.) Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition, heavy-laden. \ (v. t.) To make heavy.
insert harbor (n.) A station for rest and entertainment; a place of security and comfort; a refuge; a shelter. \ (n.) Specif.: A lodging place; an inn. \ (n.) The mansion of a heavenly body. \ (n.) A portion of a sea, a lake, or other large body of water, either landlocked or artificially protected so as to be a place of safety for vessels in stormy weather; a port or haven. \ (n.) A mixing box materials. \ (n.) To afford lodging to; to enter as guest; to receive; to give a refuge to; indulge or cherish (a thought or feeling, esp. an ill thought). \ (v. i.) To lodge, or abide for a time; to take shelter, as in a harbor.
insert promising (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Promise \ (a.) Making a promise or promises; affording hope or assurance; as, promising person; a promising day.
insert surprise v. to cause a feeling of wonder because something is not expected; n. something not expected; the feeling caused by something not expected \ (n.) The act of coming upon, or taking, unawares; the act of seizing unexpectedly; surprisal; as, the fort was taken by surprise. \ (n.) The state of being surprised, or taken unawares, by some act or event which could not reasonably be foreseen; emotion excited by what is sudden and strange; a suddenly excited feeling of wonder or astonishment. \ (n.) Anything that causes such a state or emotion. \ (n.) A dish covered with a crust of raised paste, but with no other contents. \ (n.) To come or fall suddenly and unexpectedly; to take unawares; to seize or capture by unexpected attack. \ (n.) To strike with wonder, astonishment, or confusion, by something sudden, unexpected, or remarkable; to confound, his conduct surprised me. \ (n.) To lead (one) to do suddenly and without forethought; to bring (one) into some unexpected state; -- with into, to be surprised into an indiscretion; to be surprised into generosity. \ (n.) To hold possession of; to hold.
insert fun n. anything that is pleasing and causes happiness \ (n.) Sport; merriment; frolicsome amusement.
insert challenge (n.) An invitation to engage in a contest or controversy of any kind; a defiance; specifically, a summons to fight a duel; also, the letter or message conveying the summons. \ (n.) The act of a sentry in halting any one who appears at his post, and demanding the countersign. \ (n.) A claim or demand. \ (n.) The opening and crying of hounds at first finding the scent of their game. \ (n.) An exception to a juror or to a member of a court martial, coupled with a demand that he should be held incompetent to act; the claim of a party that a certain person or persons shall not sit in trial upon him or his cause. \ (n.) An exception to a person as not legally qualified to vote. The challenge must be made when the ballot is offered. \ (n.) To call to a contest of any kind; to call to answer; to defy. \ (n.) To call, invite, or summon to answer for an offense by personal combat. \ (n.) To claim as due; to demand as a right. \ (n.) To censure; to blame. \ (n.) To question or demand the countersign from (one who attempts to pass the lines); as, the sentinel challenged us, with "Who comes there?" \ (n.) To take exception to; question, to challenge the accuracy of a statement or of a quotation. \ (n.) To object to or take exception to, as to a juror, or member of a court. \ (n.) To object to the reception of the vote of, as on the ground that the person in not qualified as a voter. \ (v. i.) To assert a right; to claim a place.
insert sigh (v. i.) To inhale a larger quantity of air than usual, and immediately expel it; to make a deep single audible respiration, especially as the result or involuntary expression of fatigue, exhaustion, grief, sorrow, or the like. \ (v. i.) Hence, to lament; to grieve. \ (v. i.) To make a sound like sighing. \ (v. t.) To exhale (the breath) in sighs. \ (v. t.) To utter sighs over; to lament or mourn over. \ (v. t.) To express by sighs; to utter in or with sighs. \ (v. i.) A deep and prolonged audible inspiration or respiration of air, as when fatigued or grieved; the act of sighing. \ (v. i.) Figuratively, a manifestation of grief; a lan/ent.
insert melt v. to make a solid into a liquid by heating it \ (n.) See 2d Milt. \ (v.) To reduce from a solid to a liquid state, as by heat; to liquefy; as, to melt wax, tallow, or lead; to melt ice or snow. \ (v.) Hence: To soften, as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes, in a bad sense, to take away the firmness of; to weaken. \ (v. i.) To be changed from a solid to a liquid state under the influence of heat, butter and wax melt at moderate temperatures. \ (v. i.) To dissolve, sugar melts in the mouth. \ (v. i.) Hence: To be softened; to become tender, mild, or gentle; also, to be weakened or subdued, as by fear. \ (v. i.) To lose distinct form or outline; to blend. \ (v. i.) To disappear by being dispersed or dissipated, the fog melts away.
insert last v. to continue ("The talks will last three days."); ad. after all others; the only one remaining ("She is the last person in line.") \ (3d pers. sing. pres.) of Last, to endure, contracted from lasteth. \ (a.) Being after all the others, similarly classed or considered, in time, place, or order of succession; following all the rest; final; hindmost; farthest; as, the last year of a century; the last man in a line of soldiers; the last page in a book; his last chance. \ (a.) Next before the present, I saw him last week. \ (a.) Supreme; highest in degree; utmost. \ (a.) Lowest in rank or degree, the last prize. \ (a.) Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition; most unlikely; having least fitness, he is the last person to be accused of theft. \ (a.) At a time or on an occasion which is the latest of all those spoken of or which have occurred; the last time, I saw him last in New York. \ (a.) In conclusion; finally. \ (a.) At a time next preceding the present time. \ (v. i.) To continue in time; to remain in existence. \ (v. i.) To endure use, or continue in existence, without impairment or exhaustion, this cloth lasts better than that; the fuel will last through the winter. \ (v. i.) A wooden block shaped like the human foot, on which boots and shoes are formed. \ (v. t.) To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place smoothly on a last, to last a boot. \ (n.) A load; a heavy burden; hence, a certain weight or measure, generally estimated at 4,000 lbs., but varying for different articles and in different countries. In England, a last of codfish, white herrings, meal, or ashes, is twelve barrels; a last of corn, ten quarters, or eighty bushels, in some parts of England, twenty-one quarters; of gunpowder, twenty-four barrels, each containing 100 lbs; of red herrings, twenty cades, or 20,000; of hides, twelve dozen; of leather, twenty dickers; of pitch and tar, fourteen barrels; of wool, twelve sacks; of flax or feathers, 1,700 lbs. \ (n.) The burden of a ship; a cargo.
insert upset (v. t.) To set up; to put upright. \ (v. t.) To thicken and shorten, as a heated piece of iron, by hammering on the end. \ (v. t.) To shorten (a tire) in the process of resetting, originally by cutting it and hammering on the ends. \ (v. t.) To overturn, overthrow, or overset; as, to upset a carriage; to upset an argument. \ (v. t.) To disturb the self-possession of; to disorder the nerves of; to make ill, the fright upset her. \ (v. i.) To become upset. \ (a.) Set up; fixed; determined; -- used chiefly or only in the phrase upset price; that is, the price fixed upon as the minimum for property offered in a public sale, or, in an auction, the price at which property is set up or started by the auctioneer, and the lowest price at which it will be sold. \ (n.) The act of upsetting, or the state of being upset; an overturn, the wagon had an upset. \ (v. t.) To turn upwards the outer ends of (stakes) so as to make a foundation for the side of a basket or the like; also, to form (the side) in this manner.
insert telescope n. a device for making objects that are far away appear closer and larger \ (n.) An optical instrument used in viewing distant objects, as the heavenly bodies. \ (a.) To slide or pass one within another, after the manner of the sections of a small telescope or spyglass; to come into collision, as railway cars, in such a manner that one runs into another. \ (v. t.) To cause to come into collision, so as to telescope. \ (a.) Capable of being extended or compacted, like a telescope, by the sliding of joints or parts one within the other; telescopic; as, a telescope bag; telescope table, etc.
insert merchant (n.) One who traffics on a large scale, especially with foreign countries; a trafficker; a trader. \ (n.) A trading vessel; a merchantman. \ (n.) One who keeps a store or shop for the sale of goods; a shopkeeper. \ (a.) Of, pertaining to, or employed in, trade or merchandise; as, the merchant service. \ (v. i.) To be a merchant; to trade.
insert metal n. a hard substance such as iron, steel or gold \ (n.) An elementary substance, as sodium, calcium, or copper, whose oxide or hydroxide has basic rather than acid properties, as contrasted with the nonmetals, or metalloids. No sharp line can be drawn between the metals and nonmetals, and certain elements partake of both acid and basic qualities, as chromium, manganese, bismuth, etc. \ (n.) Ore from which a metal is derived; -- so called by miners. \ (n.) A mine from which ores are taken. \ (n.) The substance of which anything is made; material; hence, constitutional disposition; character; temper. \ (n.) Courage; spirit; mettle. See Mettle. \ (n.) The broken stone used in macadamizing roads and ballasting railroads. \ (n.) The effective power or caliber of guns carried by a vessel of war. \ (n.) Glass in a state of fusion. \ (n.) The rails of a railroad. \ (v. t.) To cover with metal; as, to metal a ship's bottom; to metal a road.
insert sometimes (adv.) Formerly; sometime. \ (adv.) At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally. \ (a.) Former; sometime.
insert lady (n.) A woman who looks after the domestic affairs of a family; a mistress; the female head of a household. \ (n.) A woman having proprietary rights or authority; mistress; -- a feminine correlative of lord. \ (n.) A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound; a sweetheart. \ (n.) A woman of social distinction or position. In England, a title prefixed to the name of any woman whose husband is not of lower rank than a baron, or whose father was a nobleman not lower than an earl. The wife of a baronet or knight has the title of Lady by courtesy, but not by right. \ (n.) A woman of refined or gentle manners; a well-bred woman; -- the feminine correlative of gentleman. \ (n.) A wife; -- not now in approved usage. \ (n.) The triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster; -- so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure. It consists of calcareous plates. \ (a.) Belonging or becoming to a lady; ladylike. \ The day of the annunciation of the Virgin Mary, March 25. See Annunciation.
insert glad (superl.) Pleased; joyous; happy; cheerful; gratified; -- opposed to sorry, sorrowful, or unhappy; -- said of persons, and often followed by of, at, that, or by the infinitive, and sometimes by with, introducing the cause or reason. \ (superl.) Wearing a gay or bright appearance; expressing or exciting joy; producing gladness; exhilarating. \ (v. t.) To make glad; to cheer; to gladden; to exhilarate. \ (v. i.) To be glad; to rejoice.
insert wooden (a.) Made or consisting of wood; pertaining to, or resembling, wood; as, a wooden box; a wooden leg; a wooden wedding. \ (a.) Clumsy; awkward; ungainly; stiff; spiritless.
insert movie n. a motion picture; a film \ (n.) A moving picture or a moving picture show; -- commonly used in pl.
insert environment n. all surrounding things, conditions and influences that affect life; the natural world of land, sea, air, plants and animals \ (n.) Act of environing; state of being environed. \ (n.) That which environs or surrounds; surrounding conditions, influences, or forces, by which living forms are influenced and modified in their growth and development.
insert slowly (adv.) In a slow manner; moderately; not rapidly; not early; not rashly; not readly; tardly.
insert greet (a.) Great. \ (v. i.) To weep; to cry; to lament. \ (n.) Mourning. \ (v. t.) To address with salutations or expressions of kind wishes; to salute; to hail; to welcome; to accost with friendship; to pay respects or compliments to, either personally or through the intervention of another, or by writing or token. \ (v. t.) To come upon, or meet, as with something that makes the heart glad. \ (v. t.) To accost; to address. \ (v. i.) To meet and give salutations. \ (n.) Greeting.
insert husband n. a man who is married \ (n.) The male head of a household; one who orders the economy of a family. \ (n.) A cultivator; a tiller; a husbandman. \ (n.) One who manages or directs with prudence and economy; a frugal person; an economist. \ (n.) A married man; a man who has a wife; -- the correlative to wife. \ (n.) The male of a pair of animals. \ (v. t.) To direct and manage with frugality; to use or employ to good purpose and the best advantage; to spend, apply, or use, with economy. \ (v. t.) To cultivate, as land; to till. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a husband.
insert print (v. t.) To fix or impress, as a stamp, mark, character, idea, etc., into or upon something. \ (v. t.) To stamp something in or upon; to make an impression or mark upon by pressure, or as by pressure. \ (v. t.) To strike off an impression or impressions of, from type, or from stereotype, electrotype, or engraved plates, or the like; in a wider sense, to do the typesetting, presswork, of (a book or other publication); as, to print books, newspapers, pictures; to print an edition of a book. \ (v. t.) To stamp or impress with colored figures or patterns, to print calico. \ (v. t.) To take (a copy, a positive picture, etc.), from a negative, a transparent drawing, by the action of light upon a sensitized surface. \ (v. i.) To use or practice the art of typography; to take impressions of letters, figures, or electrotypes, engraved plates, or the like. \ (v. i.) To publish a book or an article. \ (n.) A mark made by impression; a line, figure, or indentation, made by the pressure of one thing on another, the print of teeth or nails in flesh; the print of the foot in sand or snow. \ (n.) A stamp or die for molding or impressing an ornamental design upon an object, a butter print. \ (n.) That which receives an impression, as from a stamp or mold, a print of butter. \ (n.) Printed letters; the impression taken from type, as to excellence, form, size, small print; large print; this line is in print. \ (n.) That which is produced by printing. \ (n.) An impression taken from anything, as from an engraved plate. \ (n.) A printed publication, more especially a newspaper or other periodical. \ (n.) A printed cloth; a fabric figured by stamping, especially calico or cotton cloth. \ (n.) A photographic copy, or positive picture, on prepared paper, as from a negative, or from a drawing on transparent paper. \ (n.) A core print. See under Core.
insert politician (n.) One versed or experienced in the science of government; one devoted to politics; a statesman. \ (n.) One primarily devoted to his own advancement in public office, or to the success of a political party; -- used in a depreciatory sense; one addicted or attached to politics as managed by parties (see Politics, 2); a schemer; an intriguer; as, a mere politician. \ (a.) Cunning; using artifice; politic; artful.
insert bull (n.) The male of any species of cattle (Bovidae); hence, the male of any large quadruped, as the elephant; also, the male of the whale. \ (n.) One who, or that which, resembles a bull in character or action. \ (n.) Taurus, the second of the twelve signs of the zodiac. \ (n.) A constellation of the zodiac between Aries and Gemini. It contains the Pleiades. \ (n.) One who operates in expectation of a rise in the price of stocks, or in order to effect such a rise. See 4th Bear, n., 5. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a bull; resembling a bull; male; large; fierce. \ (v. i.) To be in heat; to manifest sexual desire as cows do. \ (v. t.) To endeavor to raise the market price of; as, to bull railroad bonds; to bull stocks; to bull Lake Shore; to endeavor to raise prices in, to bull the market. See 1st Bull, 4. \ (v. i.) A seal. See Bulla. \ (v. i.) A letter, edict, or respect, of the pope, written in Gothic characters on rough parchment, sealed with a bulla, and dated "a die Incarnationis," i. e., "from the day of the Incarnation." See Apostolical brief, under Brief. \ (v. i.) A grotesque blunder in language; an apparent congruity, but real incongruity, of ideas, contained in a form of expression; so called, perhaps, from the apparent incongruity between the dictatorial nature of the pope's bulls and his professions of humility.
insert book n. a long written work for reading \ (n.) A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank, written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound sheets containing continuous printing or writing. \ (n.) A composition, written or printed; a treatise. \ (n.) A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the tenth book of "Paradise Lost." \ (n.) A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc. \ (n.) Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set. \ (v. t.) To enter, write, or register in a book or list. \ (v. t.) To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of securing a passage, conveyance, or seat, to be booked for Southampton; to book a seat in a theater. \ (v. t.) To mark out for; to destine or assign for, he is booked for the valedictory.
insert black ad. dark; having the color like that of the night sky \ (a.) Destitute of light, or incapable of reflecting it; of the color of soot or coal; of the darkest or a very dark color, the opposite of white; characterized by such a color; as, black cloth; black hair or eyes. \ (a.) In a less literal sense: Enveloped or shrouded in darkness; very dark or gloomy, a black night; the heavens black with clouds. \ (a.) Fig.: Dismal, gloomy, or forbidding, like darkness; destitute of moral light or goodness; atrociously wicked; cruel; mournful; calamitous; horrible. \ (a.) Expressing menace, or discontent; threatening; sullen; foreboding, to regard one with black looks. \ (adv.) Sullenly; threateningly; maliciously; so as to produce blackness. \ (n.) That which is destitute of light or whiteness; the darkest color, or rather a destitution of all color, a cloth has a good black. \ (n.) A black pigment or dye. \ (n.) A negro; a person whose skin is of a black color, or shaded with black; esp. a member or descendant of certain African races. \ (n.) A black garment or dress, she wears black \ (n.) Mourning garments of a black color; funereal drapery. \ (n.) The part of a thing which is distinguished from the rest by being black. \ (n.) A stain; a spot; a smooch. \ (a.) To make black; to blacken; to soil; to sully. \ (a.) To make black and shining, as boots or a stove, by applying blacking and then polishing with a brush.
insert seventieth (a.) Next in order after the sixty-ninth; as, a man in the seventieth year of his age. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of seventy equal parts. \ (n.) One next in order after the sixty-ninth. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by seventy; one of seventy equal parts or fractions.
insert designer (n.) One who designs, marks out, or plans; a contriver. \ (n.) One who produces or creates original works of art or decoration. \ (n.) A plotter; a schemer; -- used in a bad sense.
insert helicopter n. a machine without wings that can fly up or down or remain in one place above the ground
insert opening (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Open \ (n.) The act or process of opening; a beginning; commencement; first appearance; as, the opening of a speech. \ (n.) A place which is open; a breach; an aperture; a gap; cleft, or hole. \ (n.) Hence: A vacant place; an opportunity, an opening for business. \ (n.) A thinly wooded space, without undergrowth, in the midst of a forest, oak openings.
insert niece (n.) A relative, in general; especially, a descendant, whether male or female; a granddaughter or a grandson. \ (n.) A daughter of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
insert repair n. work done to fix something \ (v. i.) To return. \ (v. i.) To go; to betake one's self; to resort; ass, to repair to sanctuary for safety. \ (n.) The act of repairing or resorting to a place. \ (n.) Place to which one repairs; a haunt; a resort. \ (v. t.) To restore to a sound or good state after decay, injury, dilapidation, or partial destruction; to renew; to restore; to mend; as, to repair a house, a road, a shoe, or a ship; to repair a shattered fortune. \ (v. t.) To make amends for, as for an injury, by an equivalent; to indemnify for, to repair a loss or damage. \ (n.) Restoration to a sound or good state after decay, waste, or partial restruction; supply of loss; reparation, materials are collected for the repair of a church or of a city. \ (n.) Condition with respect to soundness, perfectness, etc., a house in good, or bad, repair; the book is out of repair.
insert manner (n.) Mode of action; way of performing or effecting anything; method; style; form; fashion. \ (n.) Characteristic mode of acting, conducting, carrying one's self, or the like; bearing; habitual style. \ (n.) Customary method of acting; habit. \ (n.) Carriage; behavior; deportment; also, becoming behavior; well-bred carriage and address. \ (n.) The style of writing or thought of an author; characteristic peculiarity of an artist. \ (n.) Certain degree or measure; as, it is in a manner done already. \ (n.) Sort; kind; -- in this application sometimes having the sense of a plural, sorts or kinds.
insert commercial (a.) Of or pertaining to commerce; carrying on or occupied with commerce or trade; mercantile; as, commercial advantages; commercial relations.
insert speak v. to talk; to say words with the mouth; to express one's thoughts to others and exchange ideas; to give a speech to a group \ (v. i.) To utter words or articulate sounds, as human beings; to express thoughts by words; as, the organs may be so obstructed that a man may not be able to speak. \ (v. i.) To express opinions; to say; to talk; to converse. \ (v. i.) To utter a speech, discourse, or harangue; to adress a public assembly formally. \ (v. i.) To discourse; to make mention; to tell. \ (v. i.) To give sound; to sound. \ (v. i.) To convey sentiments, ideas, or intelligence as if by utterance, features that speak of self-will. \ (v. t.) To utter with the mouth; to pronounce; to utter articulately, as human beings. \ (v. t.) To utter in a word or words; to tell; to declare orally, to speak the truth; to speak sense. \ (v. t.) To declare; to proclaim; to publish; to make known; to exhibit; to express in any way. \ (v. t.) To talk or converse in; to utter or pronounce, as in conversation, to speak Latin. \ (v. t.) To address; to accost; to speak to.
insert leave v. to go away from; to let something stay where it is \ (v. i.) To send out leaves; to leaf; -- often with out. \ (v. t.) To raise; to levy. \ (n.) Liberty granted by which restraint or illegality is removed; permission; allowance; license. \ (n.) The act of leaving or departing; a formal parting; a leaving; farewell; adieu; -- used chiefly in the phrase, to take leave, i. e., literally, to take permission to go. \ (v.) To withdraw one's self from; to go away from; to depart from; as, to leave the house. \ (v.) To let remain unremoved or undone; to let stay or continue, in distinction from what is removed or changed. \ (v.) To cease from; to desist from; to abstain from. \ (v.) To desert; to abandon; to forsake; hence, to give up; to relinquish. \ (v.) To let be or do without interference, I left him to his reflections; I leave my hearers to judge. \ (v.) To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver; to commit; to submit -- with a sense of withdrawing one's self from, leave your hat in the hall; we left our cards; to leave the matter to arbitrators. \ (v.) To have remaining at death, to bequeath, he left a large estate; he left a good name; he left a legacy to his niece. \ (v. i.) To depart; to set out. \ (v. i.) To cease; to desist; to leave off.
insert shape v. to give form to; n. the form of something, especially how it looks \ (n.) To form or create; especially, to mold or make into a particular form; to give proper form or figure to. \ (n.) To adapt to a purpose; to regulate; to adjust; to direct; as, to shape the course of a vessel. \ (n.) To image; to conceive; to body forth. \ (n.) To design; to prepare; to plan; to arrange. \ (v. i.) To suit; to be adjusted or conformable. \ (n.) Character or construction of a thing as determining its external appearance; outward aspect; make; figure; form; guise, the shape of a tree; the shape of the head; an elegant shape. \ (n.) That which has form or figure; a figure; an appearance; a being. \ (n.) A model; a pattern; a mold. \ (n.) Form of embodiment, as in words, as of thought or conception; concrete embodiment or example, as of some quality. \ (n.) Dress for disguise; guise. \ (n.) A rolled or hammered piece, as a bar, beam, angle iron, etc., having a cross section different from merchant bar. \ (n.) A piece which has been roughly forged nearly to the form it will receive when completely forged or fitted.
insert drinking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Drink \ (n.) The act of one who drinks; the act of imbibing. \ (n.) The practice of partaking to excess of intoxicating liquors. \ (n.) An entertainment with liquors; a carousal.
insert down ad. from higher to lower; in a low place \ (n.) Fine, soft, hairy outgrowth from the skin or surface of animals or plants, not matted and fleecy like wool \ (n.) The soft under feathers of birds. They have short stems with soft rachis and bards and long threadlike barbules, without hooklets. \ (n.) The pubescence of plants; the hairy crown or envelope of the seeds of certain plants, as of the thistle. \ (n.) The soft hair of the face when beginning to appear. \ (n.) That which is made of down, as a bed or pillow; that which affords ease and repose, like a bed of down \ (v. t.) To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down. \ (prep.) A bank or rounded hillock of sand thrown up by the wind along or near the shore; a flattish-topped hill; -- usually in the plural. \ (prep.) A tract of poor, sandy, undulating or hilly land near the sea, covered with fine turf which serves chiefly for the grazing of sheep; -- usually in the plural. \ (prep.) A road for shipping in the English Channel or Straits of Dover, near Deal, employed as a naval rendezvous in time of war. \ (prep.) A state of depression; low state; abasement. \ (adv.) In the direction of gravity or toward the center of the earth; toward or in a lower place or position; below; -- the opposite of up. \ (adv.) From a higher to a lower position, literally or figuratively; in a descending direction; from the top of an ascent; from an upright position; to the ground or floor; to or into a lower or an inferior condition; as, into a state of humility, disgrace, misery, and the like; into a state of rest; -- used with verbs indicating motion. \ (adv.) In a low or the lowest position; at the bottom of a decent; below the horizon; of the ground; in a condition of humility, dejection; in a state of quiet. \ (adv.) From a remoter or higher antiquity. \ (adv.) From a greater to a less bulk, or from a thinner to a thicker consistence, to boil down in cookery, or in making decoctions. \ (adv.) In a descending direction along; from a higher to a lower place upon or within; at a lower place in or on, down a hill; down a well. \ (adv.) Hence: Towards the mouth of a river; towards the sea, to sail or swim down a stream; to sail down the sound. \ (v. t.) To cause to go down; to make descend; to put down; to overthrow, as in wrestling; hence, to subdue; to bring down. \ (v. i.) To go down; to descend. \ (a.) Downcast, a down look. \ (a.) Downright; absolute; positive, a down denial. \ (a.) Downward; going down; sloping, a down stroke; a down grade; a down train on a railway.
insert bookshop (n.) A bookseller's shop.
insert belong v. to be owned by; to be a member of \ (v. i.) To be the property of; as, Jamaica belongs to Great Britain. \ (v. i.) To be a part of, or connected with; to be appendant or related; to owe allegiance or service. \ (v. i.) To be the concern or proper business or function of; to appertain to. \ (v. i.) To be suitable for; to be due to. \ (v. i.) To be native to, or an inhabitant of; esp. to have a legal residence, settlement, or inhabitancy, whether by birth or operation of law, so as to be entitled to maintenance by the parish or town. \ (v. t.) To be deserved by.
insert happening (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Happen
insert explorer (n.) One who explores; also, an apparatus with which one explores, as a diving bell.
insert four (a.) One more than three; twice two. \ (n.) The sum of four units; four units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing four units, as 4 or iv. \ (n.) Four things of the same kind, esp. four horses; as, a chariot and four.
insert calmly (adv.) In a calm manner.
insert dangerous (a.) Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe. \ (a.) Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury. \ (a.) In a condition of danger, as from illness; threatened with death. \ (a.) Hard to suit; difficult to please. \ (a.) Reserved; not affable.
insert behind ad. at the back of; in back of \ (a.) On the side opposite the front or nearest part; on the back side of; at the back of; on the other side of; as, behind a door; behind a hill. \ (a.) Left after the departure of, whether this be by removing to a distance or by death. \ (a.) Left a distance by, in progress of improvement Hence: Inferior to in dignity, rank, knowledge, or excellence, or in any achievement. \ (adv.) At the back part; in the rear. \ (adv.) Toward the back part or rear; backward, to look behind. \ (adv.) Not yet brought forward, produced, or exhibited to view; out of sight; remaining. \ (adv.) Backward in time or order of succession; past. \ (adv.) After the departure of another, to stay behind. \ (n.) The backside; the rump.
insert chimney (n.) A fireplace or hearth. \ (n.) That part of a building which contains the smoke flues; esp. an upright tube or flue of brick or stone, in most cases extending through or above the roof of the building. Often used instead of chimney shaft. \ (n.) A tube usually of glass, placed around a flame, as of a lamp, to create a draft, and promote combustion. \ (n.) A body of ore, usually of elongated form, extending downward in a vein.
insert jealous (a.) Zealous; solicitous; vigilant; anxiously watchful. \ (a.) Apprehensive; anxious; suspiciously watchful. \ (a.) Exacting exclusive devotion; intolerant of rivalry. \ (a.) Disposed to suspect rivalry in matters of interest and affection; apprehensive regarding the motives of possible rivals, or the fidelity of friends; distrustful; having morbid fear of rivalry in love or preference given to another; painfully suspicious of the faithfulness of husband, wife, or lover.
insert but conj. however; other than; yet \ (adv. & conj.) Except with; unless with; without. \ (adv. & conj.) Except; besides; save. \ (adv. & conj.) Excepting or excluding the fact that; save that; were it not that; unless; -- elliptical, for but that. \ (adv. & conj.) Otherwise than that; that not; -- commonly, after a negative, with that. \ (adv. & conj.) Only; solely; merely. \ (adv. & conj.) On the contrary; on the other hand; only; yet; still; however; nevertheless; more; further; -- as connective of sentences or clauses of a sentence, in a sense more or less exceptive or adversative; as, the House of Representatives passed the bill, but the Senate dissented; our wants are many, but quite of another kind. \ (prep., adv. & conj.) The outer apartment or kitchen of a two-roomed house; -- opposed to ben, the inner room. \ (n.) A limit; a boundary. \ (n.) The end; esp. the larger or thicker end, or the blunt, in distinction from the sharp, end. See 1st Butt. \ (v. i.) See Butt, v., and Abut, v. \ (v. t.) A limit; a bound; a goal; the extreme bound; the end. \ (v. t.) The thicker end of anything. See But. \ (v. t.) A mark to be shot at; a target. \ (v. t.) A person at whom ridicule, jest, or contempt is directed, the butt of the company. \ (v. t.) A push, thrust, or sudden blow, given by the head of an animal, the butt of a ram. \ (v. t.) A thrust in fencing. \ (v. t.) A piece of land left unplowed at the end of a field. \ (v. t.) A joint where the ends of two objects come squarely together without scarfing or chamfering; -- also called butt joint. \ (v. t.) The end of a connecting rod or other like piece, to which the boxing is attached by the strap, cotter, and gib. \ (v. t.) The portion of a half-coupling fastened to the end of a hose. \ (v. t.) The joint where two planks in a strake meet. \ (v. t.) A kind of hinge used in hanging doors, etc.; -- so named because fastened on the edge of the door, which butts against the casing, instead of on its face, like the strap hinge; also called butt hinge. \ (v. t.) The thickest and stoutest part of tanned oxhides, used for soles of boots, harness, trunks. \ (v. t.) The hut or shelter of the person who attends to the targets in rifle practice.
insert tree n. a very tall plant that is mostly wood, except for its leaves \ (n.) Any perennial woody plant of considerable size (usually over twenty feet high) and growing with a single trunk. \ (n.) Something constructed in the form of, or considered as resembling, a tree, consisting of a stem, or stock, and branches; as, a genealogical tree. \ (n.) A piece of timber, or something commonly made of timber; -- used in composition, as in axletree, boottree, chesstree, crosstree, whiffletree, and the like. \ (n.) A cross or gallows; as Tyburn tree. \ (n.) Wood; timber. \ (n.) A mass of crystals, aggregated in arborescent forms, obtained by precipitation of a metal from solution. See Lead tree, under Lead. \ (v. t.) To drive to a tree; to cause to ascend a tree, a dog trees a squirrel. \ (v. t.) To place upon a tree; to fit with a tree; to stretch upon a tree, to tree a boot. See Tree, n., 3.
insert event n. that which happens, especially something of importance \ (n.) That which comes, arrives, or happens; that which falls out; any incident, good or bad. \ (n.) An affair in hand; business; enterprise. \ (n.) The consequence of anything; the issue; conclusion; result; that in which an action, operation, or series of operations, terminates. \ (v. t.) To break forth.
insert indoors (adv.) Within the house; -- usually separated, in doors.
insert sure ad. very probable; with good reason to believe; true without question \ (superl.) Certainly knowing and believing; confident beyond doubt; implicity trusting; unquestioning; positive. \ (superl.) Certain to find or retain; as, to be sure of game; to be sure of success; to be sure of life or health. \ (superl.) Fit or worthy to be depended on; certain not to fail or disappoint expectation; unfailing; strong; permanent; enduring. \ (superl.) Betrothed; engaged to marry. \ (superl.) Free from danger; safe; secure. \ (adv.) In a sure manner; safely; certainly.
insert magazine n. a publication of news, stories, pictures or other information \ (n.) A receptacle in which anything is stored, especially military stores, as ammunition, arms, provisions, etc. \ (n.) The building or room in which the supply of powder is kept in a fortification or a ship. \ (n.) A chamber in a gun for holding a number of cartridges to be fed automatically to the piece. \ (n.) A pamphlet published periodically containing miscellaneous papers or compositions. \ (v. t.) To store in, or as in, a magazine; to store up for use. \ (n.) A country or district especially rich in natural products. \ (n.) A city viewed as a marketing center. \ (n.) A reservoir or supply chamber for a stove, battery, camera, typesetting machine, or other apparatus. \ (n.) A store, or shop, where goods are kept for sale.
insert gun n. a weapon that shoots bullets \ of Gin \ (n.) A weapon which throws or propels a missile to a distance; any firearm or instrument for throwing projectiles by the explosion of gunpowder, consisting of a tube or barrel closed at one end, in which the projectile is placed, with an explosive charge behind, which is ignited by various means. Muskets, rifles, carbines, and fowling pieces are smaller guns, for hand use, and are called small arms. Larger guns are called cannon, ordnance, fieldpieces, carronades, howitzers, etc. See these terms in the Vocabulary. \ (n.) A piece of heavy ordnance; in a restricted sense, a cannon. \ (n.) Violent blasts of wind. \ (v. i.) To practice fowling or hunting small game; -- chiefly in participial form; as, to go gunning.
insert eyebrow (n.) The brow or hairy arch above the eye.
insert low ad. not high or tall; below the normal height; close to the ground \ strong imp. of Laugh. \ (v. i.) To make the calling sound of cows and other bovine animals; to moo. \ (n.) The calling sound ordinarily made by cows and other bovine animals. \ (n.) A hill; a mound; a grave. \ (n.) Fire; a flame; a light. \ (v. i.) To burn; to blaze. \ (superl.) Occupying an inferior position or place; not high or elevated; depressed in comparison with something else; as, low ground; a low flight. \ (superl.) Not rising to the usual height, a man of low stature; a low fence. \ (superl.) Near the horizon, the sun is low at four o'clock in winter, and six in summer. \ (superl.) Sunk to the farthest ebb of the tide, low tide. \ (superl.) Beneath the usual or remunerative rate or amount, or the ordinary value; moderate; cheap, the low price of corn; low wages. \ (superl.) Not loud, a low voice; a low sound. \ (superl.) Depressed in the scale of sounds; grave, a low pitch; a low note. \ (superl.) Made, as a vowel, with a low position of part of the tongue in relation to the palate, \ (superl.) Near, or not very distant from, the equator, in the low northern latitudes. \ (superl.) Numerically small, a low number. \ (superl.) Wanting strength or animation; depressed; dejected, low spirits; low in spirits. \ (superl.) Depressed in condition; humble in rank, men of low condition; the lower classes. \ (superl.) Mean; vulgar; base; dishonorable, a person of low mind; a low trick or stratagem. \ (superl.) Not elevated or sublime; not exalted or diction, a low comparison. \ (superl.) Submissive; humble. \ (superl.) Deficient in vital energy; feeble; weak, a low pulse; made low by sickness. \ (superl.) Moderate; not intense; not inflammatory, low heat; a low temperature; a low fever. \ (superl.) Smaller than is reasonable or probable, a low estimate. \ (superl.) Not rich, high seasoned, or nourishing; plain; simple, a low diet. \ (n.) The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn. \ (adv.) In a low position or manner; not aloft; not on high; near the ground. \ (adv.) Under the usual price; at a moderate price; cheaply, he sold his wheat low. \ (adv.) In a low mean condition; humbly; meanly. \ (adv.) In time approaching our own. \ (adv.) With a low voice or sound; not loudly; gently, to speak low. \ (adv.) With a low musical pitch or tone. \ (adv.) In subjection, poverty, or disgrace, to be brought low by oppression, by want, or by vice. \ (adv.) In a path near the equator, so that the declination is small, or near the horizon, so that the altitude is small; -- said of the heavenly bodies with reference to the diurnal revolution, the moon runs low, that is, is comparatively near the horizon when on or near the meridian. \ (v. t.) To depress; to lower. / (/m), / (all). See Guide to Pronunciation, // 5, 10, 11.
insert protection (n.) The act of protecting, or the state of being protected; preservation from loss, injury, or annoyance; defense; shelter; as, the weak need protection. \ (n.) That which protects or preserves from injury; a defense; a shield; a refuge. \ (n.) A writing that protects or secures from molestation or arrest; a pass; a safe-conduct; a passport. \ (n.) A theory, or a policy, of protecting the producers in a country from foreign competition in the home market by the imposition of such discriminating duties on goods of foreign production as will restrict or prevent their importation; -- opposed to free trade.
insert operator (n.) One who, or that which, operates or produces an effect. \ (n.) One who performs some act upon the human body by means of the hand, or with instruments. \ (n.) A dealer in stocks or any commodity for speculative purposes; a speculator. \ (n.) The symbol that expresses the operation to be performed; -- called also facient.
insert property n. anything owned by someone such as land, buildings or goods \ (a.) That which is proper to anything; a peculiar quality of a thing; that which is inherent in a subject, or naturally essential to it; an attribute; as, sweetness is a property of sugar. \ (a.) An acquired or artificial quality; that which is given by art, or bestowed by man, the poem has the properties which constitute excellence. \ (a.) The exclusive right of possessing, enjoying, and disposing of a thing; ownership; title. \ (a.) That to which a person has a legal title, whether in his possession or not; thing owned; an estate, whether in lands, goods, or money, a man of large property, or small property. \ (a.) All the adjuncts of a play except the scenery and the dresses of the actors; stage requisites. \ (a.) Propriety; correctness. \ (v. t.) To invest which properties, or qualities. \ (v. t.) To make a property of; to appropriate.
insert pink (n.) A vessel with a very narrow stern; -- called also pinky. \ (v. i.) To wink; to blink. \ (a.) Half-shut; winking. \ (v. t.) To pierce with small holes; to cut the edge of, as cloth or paper, in small scallops or angles. \ (v. t.) To stab; to pierce as with a sword. \ (v. t.) To choose; to cull; to pick out. \ (n.) A stab. \ (v. t.) A name given to several plants of the caryophyllaceous genus Dianthus, and to their flowers, which are sometimes very fragrant and often double in cultivated varieties. The species are mostly perennial herbs, with opposite linear leaves, and handsome five-petaled flowers with a tubular calyx. \ (v. t.) A color resulting from the combination of a pure vivid red with more or less white; -- so called from the common color of the flower. \ (v. t.) Anything supremely excellent; the embodiment or perfection of something. \ (v. t.) The European minnow; -- so called from the color of its abdomen in summer. \ (a.) Resembling the garden pink in color; of the color called pink (see 6th Pink, 2); as, a pink dress; pink ribbons.
insert diet n. usual daily food and drink \ (n.) Course of living or nourishment; what is eaten and drunk habitually; food; victuals; fare. \ (n.) A course of food selected with reference to a particular state of health; prescribed allowance of food; regimen prescribed. \ (v. t.) To cause to take food; to feed. \ (v. t.) To cause to eat and drink sparingly, or by prescribed rules; to regulate medicinally the food of. \ (v. i.) To eat; to take one's meals. \ (v. i.) To eat according to prescribed rules; to ear sparingly; as, the doctor says he must diet. \ (n.) A legislative or administrative assembly in Germany, Poland, and some other countries of Europe; a deliberative convention; a council, the Diet of Worms, held in 1521. \ (n.) Any of various national or local assemblies; \ (n.) Occasionally, the Reichstag of the German Empire, Reichsrath of the Austrian Empire, the federal legislature of Switzerland, etc. \ (n.) The legislature of Denmark, Sweden, Japan, or Hungary. \ (n.) The state assembly or any of various local assemblies in the states of the German Empire, as the legislature (Landtag) of the kingdom of Prussia, and the Diet of the Circle (Kreistag) in its local government. \ (n.) The local legislature (Landtag) of an Austrian province. \ (n.) The federative assembly of the old Germanic Confederation (1815 -- 66). \ (n.) In the old German or Holy Roman Empire, the great formal assembly of counselors (the Imperial Diet or Reichstag) or a small, local, or informal assembly of a similar kind (the Court Diet, or Hoftag).
insert nickname (n.) A name given in contempt, derision, or sportive familiarity; a familiar or an opprobrious appellation. \ (v. t.) To give a nickname to; to call by a nickname.
insert eighth (a.) Next in order after the seventh. \ (a.) Consisting of one of eight equal divisions of a thing. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by eight; one of eight equal parts; an eighth part. \ (n.) The interval of an octave.
insert content (a.) Contained within limits; hence, having the desires limited by that which one has; not disposed to repine or grumble; satisfied; contented; at rest. \ (n.) That which is contained; the thing or things held by a receptacle or included within specified limits; as, the contents of a cask or bale or of a room; the contents of a book. \ (n.) Power of containing; capacity; extent; size. \ (n.) Area or quantity of space or matter contained within certain limits, solid contents; superficial contents. \ (a.) To satisfy the desires of; to make easy in any situation; to appease or quiet; to gratify; to please. \ (a.) To satisfy the expectations of; to pay; to requite. \ (n.) Rest or quietness of the mind in one's present condition; freedom from discontent; satisfaction; contentment; moderate happiness. \ (n.) Acquiescence without examination. \ (n.) That which contents or satisfies; that which if attained would make one happy. \ (n.) An expression of assent to a bill or motion; an affirmative vote; also, a member who votes "Content.".
insert sweet ad. tasting pleasant, like sugar \ (superl.) Having an agreeable taste or flavor such as that of sugar; saccharine; -- opposed to sour and bitter; as, a sweet beverage; sweet fruits; sweet oranges. \ (superl.) Pleasing to the smell; fragrant; redolent; balmy, a sweet rose; sweet odor; sweet incense. \ (superl.) Pleasing to the ear; soft; melodious; harmonious, the sweet notes of a flute or an organ; sweet music; a sweet voice; a sweet singer. \ (superl.) Pleasing to the eye; beautiful; mild and attractive; fair, a sweet face; a sweet color or complexion. \ (superl.) Fresh; not salt or brackish, sweet water. \ (superl.) Not changed from a sound or wholesome state. Specifically: (a) Not sour, sweet milk or bread. (b) Not state; not putrescent or putrid; not rancid, sweet butter; sweet meat or fish. \ (superl.) Plaesing to the mind; mild; gentle; calm; amiable; winning; presuasive, sweet manners. \ (n.) That which is sweet to the taste; -- used chiefly in the plural. \ (n.) Confectionery, sweetmeats, preserves, etc. \ (n.) Home-made wines, cordials, metheglin, etc. \ (n.) That which is sweet or pleasant in odor; a perfume. \ (n.) That which is pleasing or grateful to the mind, the sweets of domestic life. \ (n.) One who is dear to another; a darling; -- a term of endearment. \ (adv.) Sweetly. \ (v. t.) To sweeten.
insert choice (n.) Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election. \ (n.) The power or opportunity of choosing; option. \ (n.) Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred, and in giving a preference; discrimination. \ (n.) A sufficient number to choose among. \ (n.) The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection. \ (n.) The best part; that which is preferable. \ (superl.) Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable. \ (superl.) Preserving or using with care, as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as, to be choice of time, or of money. \ (superl.) Selected with care, and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
insert football (n.) An inflated ball to be kicked in sport, usually made in India rubber, or a bladder incased in Leather. \ (n.) The game of kicking the football by opposing parties of players between goals.
insert doubt (v. i.) To waver in opinion or judgment; to be in uncertainty as to belief respecting anything; to hesitate in belief; to be undecided as to the truth of the negative or the affirmative proposition; to b e undetermined. \ (v. i.) To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive. \ (v. t.) To question or hold questionable; to withhold assent to; to hesitate to believe, or to be inclined not to believe; to withhold confidence from; to distrust; as, I have heard the story, but I doubt the truth of it. \ (v. t.) To suspect; to be apprehensive of. \ (v. t.) To fill with fear; to affright. \ (v. i.) A fluctuation of mind arising from defect of knowledge or evidence; uncertainty of judgment or mind; unsettled state of opinion concerning the reality of an event, or the truth of an assertion, etc.; hesitation. \ (v. i.) Uncertainty of condition. \ (v. i.) Suspicion; fear; apprehension; dread. \ (v. i.) Difficulty expressed or urged for solution; point unsettled; objection.
insert pumpkin (n.) A well-known trailing plant (Cucurbita pepo) and its fruit, -- used for cooking and for feeding stock; a pompion.
insert level n. the amount or height that something reaches or rises to; the position of something or someone \ (n.) A line or surface to which, at every point, a vertical or plumb line is perpendicular; a line or surface which is everywhere parallel to the surface of still water; -- this is the true level, and is a curve or surface in which all points are equally distant from the center of the earth, or rather would be so if the earth were an exact sphere. \ (n.) A horizontal line or plane; that is, a straight line or a plane which is tangent to a true level at a given point and hence parallel to the horizon at that point; -- this is the apparent level at the given point. \ (n.) An approximately horizontal line or surface at a certain degree of altitude, or distance from the center of the earth; as, to climb from the level of the coast to the level of the plateau and then descend to the level of the valley or of the sea. \ (n.) Hence, figuratively, a certain position, rank, standard, degree, quality, character, etc., conceived of as in one of several planes of different elevation. \ (n.) A uniform or average height; a normal plane or altitude; a condition conformable to natural law or which will secure a level surface, moving fluids seek a level. \ (n.) An instrument by which to find a horizontal line, or adjust something with reference to a horizontal line. \ (n.) A measurement of the difference of altitude of two points, by means of a level, to take a level. \ (n.) A horizontal passage, drift, or adit, in a mine. \ (a.) Even; flat; having no part higher than another; having, or conforming to, the curvature which belongs to the undisturbed liquid parts of the earth's surface, a level field; level ground; the level surface of a pond or lake. \ (a.) Coinciding or parallel with the plane of the horizon; horizontal, the telescope is now level. \ (a.) Even with anything else; of the same height; on the same line or plane; on the same footing; of equal importance; -- followed by with, sometimes by to. \ (a.) Straightforward; direct; clear; open. \ (a.) Well balanced; even; just; steady; impartial, a level head; a level understanding. [Colloq.]  \ (a.) Of even tone; without rising or falling inflection. \ (v. t.) To make level; to make horizontal; to bring to the condition of a level line or surface; hence, to make flat or even, to level a road, a walk, or a garden. \ (v. t.) To bring to a lower level; to overthrow; to topple down; to reduce to a flat surface; to lower. \ (v. t.) To bring to a horizontal position, as a gun, to point in taking aim; to aim; to direct. \ (v. t.) Figuratively, to bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, privilege, to level all the ranks and conditions of men. \ (v. t.) To adjust or adapt to a certain level, to level remarks to the capacity of children. \ (v. i.) To be level; to be on a level with, or on an equality with, something, to accord; to agree; to suit.
insert pop (n.) A small, sharp, quick explosive sound or report; as, to go off with a pop. \ (n.) An unintoxicating beverage which expels the cork with a pop from the bottle containing it, ginger pop; lemon pop, etc. \ (n.) The European redwing. \ (v. i.) To make a pop, or sharp, quick sound, the muskets popped away on all sides. \ (v. i.) To enter, or issue forth, with a quick, sudden movement; to move from place to place suddenly; to dart; -- with in, out, upon, off, etc. \ (v. i.) To burst open with a pop, when heated over a fire, this corn pops well. \ (v. t.) To thrust or push suddenly; to offer suddenly; to bring suddenly and unexpectedly to notice, to pop one's head in at the door. \ (v. t.) To cause to pop; to cause to burst open by heat, as grains of Indian corn, to pop corn or chestnuts. \ (adv.) Like a pop; suddenly; unexpectedly.
insert generation (n.) The act of generating or begetting; procreation, as of animals. \ (n.) Origination by some process, mathematical, chemical, or vital; production; formation; as, the generation of sounds, of gases, of curves, etc. \ (n.) That which is generated or brought forth; progeny; offspiring. \ (n.) A single step or stage in the succession of natural descent; a rank or remove in genealogy. Hence: The body of those who are of the same genealogical rank or remove from an ancestor; the mass of beings living at one period; also, the average lifetime of man, or the ordinary period of time at which one rank follows another, or father is succeeded by child, usually assumed to be one third of a century; an age. \ (n.) Race; kind; family; breed; stock. \ (n.) The formation or production of any geometrical magnitude, as a line, a surface, a solid, by the motion, in accordance with a mathematical law, of a point or a magnitude, the generation of a line or curve by the motion of a point, of a surface by a line, a sphere by a semicircle, etc. \ (n.) The aggregate of the functions and phenomene which attend reproduction.
insert mental ad. about or having to do with the mind \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the chin; genian; as, the mental nerve; the mental region. \ (n.) A plate or scale covering the mentum or chin of a fish or reptile. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the mind; intellectual, mental faculties; mental operations, conditions, or exercise.
insert could (imp.) of Can \ (imp.) Was, should be, or would be, able, capable, or susceptible. Used as an auxiliary, in the past tense or in the conditional present.
insert ashamed (a.) Affected by shame; abashed or confused by guilt, or a conviction or consciousness of some wrong action or impropriety.
insert fortieth (a.) Following the thirty-ninth, or preceded by thirty-nine units, things, or parts. \ (a.) Constituting one of forty equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) One of forty equal parts into which one whole is divided; the quotient of a unit divided by forty; one next in order after the thirty-ninth.
insert aside (adv.) On, or to, one side; out of a straight line, course, or direction; at a little distance from the rest; out of the way; apart. \ (adv.) Out of one's thoughts; off; away; as, to put aside gloomy thoughts. \ (adv.) So as to be heard by others; privately. \ (n.) Something spoken aside, a remark made by a stageplayer which the other players are not supposed to hear.
insert chocolate (n.) A paste or cake composed of the roasted seeds of the Theobroma Cacao ground and mixed with other ingredients, usually sugar, and cinnamon or vanilla. \ (n.) The beverage made by dissolving a portion of the paste or cake in boiling water or milk.
insert potato (n.) A plant (Solanum tuberosum) of the Nightshade family, and its esculent farinaceous tuber, of which there are numerous varieties used for food. It is native of South America, but a form of the species is found native as far north as New Mexico. \ (n.) The sweet potato (see below).
insert gossip (n.) A sponsor; a godfather or a godmother. \ (n.) A friend or comrade; a companion; a familiar and customary acquaintance. \ (n.) One who runs house to house, tattling and telling news; an idle tattler. \ (n.) The tattle of a gossip; groundless rumor. \ (v. t.) To stand sponsor to. \ (v. i.) To make merry. \ (v. i.) To prate; to chat; to talk much. \ (v. i.) To run about and tattle; to tell idle tales.
insert eye (n.) A brood; as, an eye of pheasants. \ (n.) The organ of sight or vision. In man, and the vertebrates generally, it is properly the movable ball or globe in the orbit, but the term often includes the adjacent parts. In most invertebrates the years are immovable ocelli, or compound eyes made up of numerous ocelli. See Ocellus. \ (n.) The faculty of seeing; power or range of vision; hence, judgment or taste in the use of the eye, and in judging of objects, to have the eye of sailor; an eye for the beautiful or picturesque. \ (n.) The action of the organ of sight; sight, look; view; ocular knowledge; judgment; opinion. \ (n.) The space commanded by the organ of sight; scope of vision, face; front; the presence of an object which is directly opposed or confronted; immediate presence. \ (n.) Observation; oversight; watch; inspection; notice; attention; regard. \ (n.) That which resembles the organ of sight, in form, position, or appearance \ (n.) The spots on a feather, as of peacock. \ (n.) The scar to which the adductor muscle is attached in oysters and other bivalve shells; also, the adductor muscle itself, esp. when used as food, as in the scallop. \ (n.) The bud or sprout of a plant or tuber; as the eye of a potato. \ (n.) The center of a target; the bull's-eye. \ (n.) A small loop to receive a hook; as hooks and eyes on a dress. \ (n.) The hole through the head of a needle. \ (n.) A loop forming part of anything, or a hole through anything, to receive a rope, hook, pin, shaft, etc.; as an eye at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss; as an eye through a crank; an eye at the end of rope. \ (n.) The hole through the upper millstone. \ (n.) That which resembles the eye in relative importance or beauty. \ (n.) Tinge; shade of color. \ (v. t.) To fix the eye on; to look on; to view; to observe; particularly, to observe or watch narrowly, or with fixed attention; to hold in view. \ (v. i.) To appear; to look.
insert upstairs (adv.) Up the stairs; in or toward an upper story. \ (a.) Being above stairs; as, an upstairs room.
insert sailing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Sail \ (n.) The act of one who, or that which, sails; the motion of a vessel on water, impelled by wind or steam; the act of starting on a voyage. \ (n.) The art of managing a vessel; seamanship; navigation; as, globular sailing; oblique sailing.
insert inch (n.) An island; -- often used in the names of small islands off the coast of Scotland, as in Inchcolm, Inchkeith, etc. \ (n.) A measure of length, the twelfth part of a foot, commonly subdivided into halves, quarters, eights, sixteenths, etc., as among mechanics. It was also formerly divided into twelve parts, called lines, and originally into three parts, called barleycorns, its length supposed to have been determined from three grains of barley placed end to end lengthwise. It is also sometimes called a prime ('), composed of twelve seconds (''), as in the duodecimal system of arithmetic. \ (n.) A small distance or degree, whether of time or space; hence, a critical moment. \ (v. t.) To drive by inches, or small degrees. \ (v. t.) To deal out by inches; to give sparingly. \ (v. i.) To advance or retire by inches or small degrees; to move slowly. \ (a.) Measurement an inch in any dimension, whether length, breadth, or thickness; -- used in composition; as, a two-inch cable; a four-inch plank.
insert college n. a small university \ (n.) A collection, body, or society of persons engaged in common pursuits, or having common duties and interests, and sometimes, by charter, peculiar rights and privileges; as, a college of heralds; a college of electors; a college of bishops. \ (n.) A society of scholars or friends of learning, incorporated for study or instruction, esp. in the higher branches of knowledge, the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge Universities, and many American colleges. \ (n.) A building, or number of buildings, used by a college. \ (n.) Fig.: A community.
insert necessity (n.) The quality or state of being necessary, unavoidable, or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness. \ (n.) The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want. \ (n.) That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural. \ (n.) That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion, physical or moral; fate; fatality. \ (n.) The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena, whether material or spiritual, to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
insert coffeepot (n.) A covered pot in which coffee is prepared, or is brought upon the table for drinking.
insert thing n. any object \ (n.) Whatever exists, or is conceived to exist, as a separate entity, whether animate or inanimate; any separable or distinguishable object of thought. \ (n.) An inanimate object, in distinction from a living being; any lifeless material. \ (n.) A transaction or occurrence; an event; a deed. \ (n.) A portion or part; something. \ (n.) A diminutive or slighted object; any object viewed as merely existing; -- often used in pity or contempt. \ (n.) Clothes; furniture; appurtenances; luggage; as, to pack or store one's things. \ (n.) Whatever may be possessed or owned; a property; -- distinguished from person. \ (n.) In Scandinavian countries, a legislative or judicial assembly. \ (n.) Alt. of Ting
insert shopping (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Shop
insert religion n. a belief in, or the honoring of, a god or gods \ (n.) The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny, to whom obedience, service, and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love, fear, or awe of some superhuman and overruling power, whether by profession of belief, by observance of rites and ceremonies, or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as, ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers. \ (n.) Specifically, conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible, respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice. \ (n.) A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state, to enter religion. \ (n.) Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice, as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
insert glass n. a hard, clear material that is easily broken, used most often for windows or for containers to hold liquids \ (v. t.) A hard, brittle, translucent, and commonly transparent substance, white or colored, having a conchoidal fracture, and made by fusing together sand or silica with lime, potash, soda, or lead oxide. It is used for window panes and mirrors, for articles of table and culinary use, for lenses, and various articles of ornament. \ (v. t.) Any substance having a peculiar glassy appearance, and a conchoidal fracture, and usually produced by fusion. \ (v. t.) Anything made of glass. \ (v. t.) A looking-glass; a mirror. \ (v. t.) A vessel filled with running sand for measuring time; an hourglass; and hence, the time in which such a vessel is exhausted of its sand. \ (v. t.) A drinking vessel; a tumbler; a goblet; hence, the contents of such a vessel; especially; spirituous liquors; as, he took a glass at dinner. \ (v. t.) An optical glass; a lens; a spyglass; -- in the plural, spectacles, a pair of glasses; he wears glasses. \ (v. t.) A weatherglass; a barometer. \ (v. t.) To reflect, as in a mirror; to mirror; -- used reflexively. \ (v. t.) To case in glass. \ (v. t.) To cover or furnish with glass; to glaze. \ (v. t.) To smooth or polish anything, as leater, by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.
insert both ad. not just one of two, but the two together \ (a. or pron.) The one and the other; the two; the pair, without exception of either. \ (conj.) As well; not only; equally.
insert lens (n.) A piece of glass, or other transparent substance, ground with two opposite regular surfaces, either both curved, or one curved and the other plane, and commonly used, either singly or combined, in optical instruments, for changing the direction of rays of light, and thus magnifying objects, or otherwise modifying vision. In practice, the curved surfaces are usually spherical, though rarely cylindrical, or of some other figure.
insert reasonable ad. ready to listen to reasons or ideas; not extreme; ready or willing to compromise \ (n.) Having the faculty of reason; endued with reason; rational; as, a reasonable being. \ (n.) Governed by reason; being under the influence of reason; thinking, speaking, or acting rationally, or according to the dictates of reason; agreeable to reason; just, the measure must satisfy all reasonable men. \ (n.) Not excessive or immoderate; within due limits; proper, a reasonable demand, amount, price. \ (adv.) Reasonably; tolerably.
insert pupil (n.) The aperture in the iris; the sight, apple, or black of the eye. See the Note under Eye, and Iris. \ (n.) A youth or scholar of either sex under the care of an instructor or tutor. \ (n.) A person under a guardian; a ward. \ (n.) A boy or a girl under the age of puberty, that is, under fourteen if a male, and under twelve if a female.
insert professor n. a teacher at a college or university \ (n.) One who professed, or makes open declaration of, his sentiments or opinions; especially, one who makes a public avowal of his belief in the Scriptures and his faith in Christ, and thus unites himself to the visible church. \ (n.) One who professed, or publicly teaches, any science or branch of learning, an officer in a university, college, or other seminary, whose business it is to read lectures, or instruct students, in a particular branch of learning; as a professor of theology, of botany, of mathematics, or of political economy.
insert begin v. to do the first part of an action; to start \ (v. i.) To have or commence an independent or first existence; to take rise; to commence. \ (v. i.) To do the first act or the first part of an action; to enter upon or commence something new, as a new form or state of being, or course of action; to take the first step; to start. \ (v. t.) To enter on; to commence. \ (v. t.) To trace or lay the foundation of; to make or place a beginning of. \ (n.) Beginning.
insert bookstore (n.) A store where books are kept for sale; -- called in England a bookseller's shop.
insert eleven (a.) Ten and one added; as, eleven men. \ (n.) The sum of ten and one; eleven units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing eleven units, as 11 or xi. \ (n.) The eleven men selected to play on one side in a match, as the representatives of a club or a locality, the all-England eleven.
insert of prep. made from; belonging to; about; connected to; included among \ (prep.) In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of applications; as: \ (prep.) Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin, source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of noble blood. \ (prep.) Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to attribute, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a man of courage; the gate of heaven. \ (prep.) Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which it contains, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of mist; a cup of water. \ (prep.) Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst, of this little he had some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the company. \ (prep.) Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled; also, the source of a purpose or action, they went of their own will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity. \ (prep.) Denoting reference to a thing, to boast of one's achievements. \ (prep.) Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time, within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time. \ (prep.) Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition, the continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba. \ (prep.) Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything is, or is done; by. \ (prep.) Denoting relation to place or time, or connected with, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days of Herod. \ (prep.) Denoting passage from one state to another; from. \ (prep.) During; in the course of.
insert trouble n. that which causes concern, fear, difficulty or problems \ (v. t.) To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate. \ (v. t.) To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex. \ (v. t.) To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as, I will not trouble you to deliver the letter. \ (a.) Troubled; dark; gloomy. \ (v. t.) The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity. \ (v. t.) That which gives disturbance, annoyance, or vexation; that which afflicts. \ (v. t.) A fault or interruption in a stratum.
insert cliff (n.) A high, steep rock; a precipice. \ (n.) See Clef.
insert everywhere (adv.) In every place; in all places; hence, in every part; throughly; altogether.
insert photograph (n.) A picture or likeness obtained by photography. \ (v. t.) To take a picture or likeness of by means of photography; as, to photograph a view; to photograph a group. \ (v. i.) To practice photography; to take photographs.
insert milk n. the white liquid produced by female animals to feed their young \ (n.) A white fluid secreted by the mammary glands of female mammals for the nourishment of their young, consisting of minute globules of fat suspended in a solution of casein, albumin, milk sugar, and inorganic salts. \ (n.) A kind of juice or sap, usually white in color, found in certain plants; latex. See Latex. \ (n.) An emulsion made by bruising seeds; as, the milk of almonds, produced by pounding almonds with sugar and water. \ (n.) The ripe, undischarged spat of an oyster. \ (v. t.) To draw or press milk from the breasts or udder of, by the hand or mouth; to withdraw the milk of. \ (v. t.) To draw from the breasts or udder; to extract, as milk, to milk wholesome milk from healthy cows. \ (v. t.) To draw anything from, as if by milking; to compel to yield profit or advantage; to plunder. \ (v. i.) To draw or to yield milk. \ (v. i.) To draw or to yield milk. \ (v. i.) To give off small gas bubbles during the final part of the charging operation; -- said of a storage battery.
insert number n. a word or sign used to show the order or amount of things \ (n.) That which admits of being counted or reckoned; a unit, or an aggregate of units; a numerable aggregate or collection of individuals; an assemblage made up of distinct things expressible by figures. \ (n.) A collection of many individuals; a numerous assemblage; a multitude; many. \ (n.) A numeral; a word or character denoting a number; as, to put a number on a door. \ (n.) Numerousness; multitude. \ (n.) The state or quality of being numerable or countable. \ (n.) Quantity, regarded as made up of an aggregate of separate things. \ (n.) That which is regulated by count; poetic measure, as divisions of time or number of syllables; hence, poetry, verse; -- chiefly used in the plural. \ (n.) The distinction of objects, as one, or more than one (in some languages, as one, or two, or more than two), expressed (usually) by a difference in the form of a word; thus, the singular number and the plural number are the names of the forms of a word indicating the objects denoted or referred to by the word as one, or as more than one. \ (n.) The measure of the relation between quantities or things of the same kind; that abstract species of quantity which is capable of being expressed by figures; numerical value. \ (n.) To count; to reckon; to ascertain the units of; to enumerate. \ (n.) To reckon as one of a collection or multitude. \ (n.) To give or apply a number or numbers to; to assign the place of in a series by order of number; to designate the place of by a number or numeral, to number the houses in a street, or the apartments in a building. \ (n.) To amount; to equal in number; to contain; to consist of, the army numbers fifty thousand.
insert differently (adv.) In a different manner; variously.
insert advantage (n.) Any condition, circumstance, opportunity, or means, particularly favorable to success, or to any desired end; benefit; as, the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position. \ (n.) Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over. \ (n.) Superiority of state, or that which gives it; gain; profit, the advantage of a good constitution. \ (n.) Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen). \ (v. t.) To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
insert double (a.) Twofold; multiplied by two; increased by its equivalent; made twice as large or as much, etc. \ (a.) Being in pairs; presenting two of a kind, or two in a set together; coupled. \ (a.) Divided into two; acting two parts, one openly and the other secretly; equivocal; deceitful; insincere. \ (a.) Having the petals in a flower considerably increased beyond the natural number, usually as the result of cultivation and the expense of the stamens, or stamens and pistils. The white water lily and some other plants have their blossoms naturally double. \ (adv.) Twice; doubly. \ (a.) To increase by adding an equal number, quantity, length, value, or the like; multiply by two; to double a sum of money; to double a number, or length. \ (a.) To make of two thicknesses or folds by turning or bending together in the middle; to fold one part upon another part of; as, to double the leaf of a book, and the like; to clinch, as the fist; -- often followed by up, to double up a sheet of paper or cloth. \ (a.) To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as. \ (a.) To pass around or by; to march or sail round, so as to reverse the direction of motion. \ (a.) To unite, as ranks or files, so as to form one from each two. \ (v. i.) To be increased to twice the sum, number, or value; to increase or grow to twice as much. \ (v. i.) To return upon one's track; to turn and go back over the same ground, or in an opposite direction. \ (v. i.) To play tricks; to use sleights; to play false. \ (v. i.) To set up a word or words a second time by mistake; to make a doublet. \ (n.) Twice as much; twice the number, sum, and the like. \ (n.) Among compositors, a doublet (see Doublet, 2.); among pressmen, a sheet that is twice pulled, and blurred. \ (n.) That which is doubled over or together; a doubling; a plait; a fold. \ (n.) A turn or circuit in running to escape pursues; hence, a trick; a shift; an artifice. \ (n.) Something precisely equal or counterpart to another; a counterpart. Hence, a wraith. \ (n.) A player or singer who prepares to take the part of another player in his absence; a substitute. \ (n.) Double beer; strong beer. \ (n.) A feast in which the antiphon is doubled, hat is, said twice, before and after the Psalms, instead of only half being said, as in simple feasts. \ (n.) A game between two pairs of players, a first prize for doubles. \ (n.) An old term for a variation, as in Bach's Suites. \ (n.) A person or thing that is the counterpart of another; a duplicate; copy; (Obs.) transcript; -- now chiefly used of persons. Hence, a wraith.
insert alarm (n.) A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy. \ (n.) Any sound or information intended to give notice of approaching danger; a warning sound to arouse attention; a warning of danger. \ (n.) A sudden attack; disturbance; broil. \ (n.) Sudden surprise with fear or terror excited by apprehension of danger; in the military use, commonly, sudden apprehension of being attacked by surprise. \ (n.) A mechanical contrivance for awaking persons from sleep, or rousing their attention; an alarum. \ (v. t.) To call to arms for defense; to give notice to (any one) of approaching danger; to rouse to vigilance and action; to put on the alert. \ (v. t.) To keep in excitement; to disturb. \ (v. t.) To surprise with apprehension of danger; to fill with anxiety in regard to threatening evil; to excite with sudden fear.
insert pause (n.) A temporary stop or rest; an intermission of action; interruption; suspension; cessation. \ (n.) Temporary inaction or waiting; hesitation; suspence; doubt. \ (n.) In speaking or reading aloud, a brief arrest or suspension of voice, to indicate the limits and relations of sentences and their parts. \ (n.) In writing and printing, a mark indicating the place and nature of an arrest of voice in reading; a punctuation point; as, teach the pupil to mind the pauses. \ (n.) A break or paragraph in writing. \ (n.) A hold. See 4th Hold, 7. \ (n.) To make a short stop; to cease for a time; to intermit speaking or acting; to stop; to wait; to rest. \ (n.) To be intermitted; to cease, the music pauses. \ (n.) To hesitate; to hold back; to delay. \ (n.) To stop in order to consider; hence, to consider; to reflect. \ (v. t.) To cause to stop or rest; -- used reflexively.
insert proof (n.) Any effort, process, or operation designed to establish or discover a fact or truth; an act of testing; a test; a trial. \ (n.) That degree of evidence which convinces the mind of any truth or fact, and produces belief; a test by facts or arguments that induce, or tend to induce, certainty of the judgment; conclusive evidence; demonstration. \ (n.) The quality or state of having been proved or tried; firmness or hardness that resists impression, or does not yield to force; impenetrability of physical bodies. \ (n.) Firmness of mind; stability not to be shaken. \ (n.) A trial impression, as from type, taken for correction or examination; -- called also proof sheet. \ (n.) A process for testing the accuracy of an operation performed. Cf. Prove, v. t., 5. \ (v. t.) Armor of excellent or tried quality, and deemed impenetrable; properly, armor of proof. \ (a.) Used in proving or testing; as, a proof load, or proof charge. \ (a.) Firm or successful in resisting, proof against harm; waterproof; bombproof. \ (a.) Being of a certain standard as to strength; -- said of alcoholic liquors.
insert on prep. above and held up by; touching the upper surface of ("The book is on the table."); supported by ("He is on his feet."); about ("The report on the meeting is ready."); at the time of ("He left on Wednesday.")
insert hairbrush (n.) A brush for cleansing and smoothing the hair.
insert seed n. the part of a plant from which new plants grow \ (pl. ) of Seed \ (n.) A ripened ovule, consisting of an embryo with one or more integuments, or coverings; as, an apple seed; a currant seed. By germination it produces a new plant. \ (n.) Any small seedlike fruit, though it may consist of a pericarp, or even a calyx, as well as the seed proper, parsnip seed; thistle seed. \ (n.) The generative fluid of the male; semen; sperm; -- not used in the plural. \ (n.) That from which anything springs; first principle; original; source, the seeds of virtue or vice. \ (n.) The principle of production. \ (n.) Progeny; offspring; children; descendants, the seed of Abraham; the seed of David. \ (n.) Race; generation; birth. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with seed; to plant seeds in; to sow, to seed a field. \ (v. t.) To cover thinly with something scattered; to ornament with seedlike decorations.
insert cotton n. a material made from a plant of the same name \ (n.) A soft, downy substance, resembling fine wool, consisting of the unicellular twisted hairs which grow on the seeds of the cotton plant. Long-staple cotton has a fiber sometimes almost two inches long; short-staple, from two thirds of an inch to an inch and a half. \ (n.) The cotton plant. See Cotten plant, below. \ (n.) Cloth made of cotton. \ (v. i.) To rise with a regular nap, as cloth does. \ (v. i.) To go on prosperously; to succeed. \ (v. i.) To unite; to agree; to make friends; -- usually followed by with. \ (v. i.) To take a liking to; to stick to one as cotton; -- used with to.
insert expensive (a.) Occasioning expense; calling for liberal outlay; costly; dear; liberal; as, expensive dress; an expensive house or family. \ (a.) Free in expending; very liberal; especially, in a bad scene; extravagant; lavish.
insert walk v. to move by putting one foot in front of the other \ (v. i.) To move along on foot; to advance by steps; to go on at a moderate pace; specifically, of two-legged creatures, to proceed at a slower or faster rate, but without running, or lifting one foot entirely before the other touches the ground. \ (v. i.) To move or go on the feet for exercise or amusement; to take one's exercise; to ramble. \ (v. i.) To be stirring; to be abroad; to go restlessly about; -- said of things or persons expected to remain quiet, as a sleeping person, or the spirit of a dead person; to go about as a somnambulist or a specter. \ (v. i.) To be in motion; to act; to move; to wag. \ (v. i.) To behave; to pursue a course of life; to conduct one's self. \ (v. i.) To move off; to depart. \ (v. t.) To pass through, over, or upon; to traverse; to perambulate; as, to walk the streets. \ (v. t.) To cause to walk; to lead, drive, or ride with a slow pace; as to walk one's horses. \ (v. t.) To subject, as cloth or yarn, to the fulling process; to full. \ (n.) The act of walking, or moving on the feet with a slow pace; advance without running or leaping. \ (n.) The act of walking for recreation or exercise, a morning walk; an evening walk. \ (n.) Manner of walking; gait; step, we often know a person at a distance by his walk. \ (n.) That in or through which one walks; place or distance walked over; a place for walking; a path or avenue prepared for foot passengers, or for taking air and exercise; way; road; hence, a place or region in which animals may graze; place of wandering; range, a sheep walk. \ (n.) A frequented track; habitual place of action; sphere, the walk of the historian. \ (n.) Conduct; course of action; behavior. \ (n.) The route or district regularly served by a vender, a milkman's walk. \ (n.) In coffee, coconut, and other plantations, the space between them. \ (n.) A place for keeping and training puppies. \ (n.) An inclosed area of some extent to which a gamecock is confined to prepare him for fighting. \ (v. t.) To put or keep (a puppy) in a walk; to train (puppies) in a walk. \ (v. t.) To move in a manner likened to walking.
insert factory n. a building or group of buildings where goods are made \ (n.) A house or place where factors, or commercial agents, reside, to transact business for their employers. \ (n.) The body of factors in any place; as, a chaplain to a British factory. \ (n.) A building, or collection of buildings, appropriated to the manufacture of goods; the place where workmen are employed in fabricating goods, wares, or utensils; a manufactory, a cotton factory.
insert chapter (n.) A division of a book or treatise; as, Genesis has fifty chapters. \ (n.) An assembly of monks, or of the prebends and other clergymen connected with a cathedral, conventual, or collegiate church, or of a diocese, usually presided over by the dean. \ (n.) A community of canons or canonesses. \ (n.) A bishop's council. \ (n.) A business meeting of any religious community. \ (n.) An organized branch of some society or fraternity as of the Freemasons. \ (n.) A meeting of certain organized societies or orders. \ (n.) A chapter house. \ (n.) A decretal epistle. \ (n.) A location or compartment. \ (v. t.) To divide into chapters, as a book. \ (v. t.) To correct; to bring to book, i. e., to demand chapter and verse.
insert decide v. to choose; to settle; to judge \ (v. t.) To cut off; to separate. \ (v. t.) To bring to a termination, as a question, controversy, struggle, by giving the victory to one side or party; to render judgment concerning; to determine; to settle. \ (v. i.) To determine; to form a definite opinion; to come to a conclusion; to give decision; as, the court decided in favor of the defendant.
insert sex n. either the male or female group into which all people and animals are divided because of their actions in producing young; the physical activity by which humans and animals can produce young \ (n.) The distinguishing peculiarity of male or female in both animals and plants; the physical difference between male and female; the assemblage of properties or qualities by which male is distinguished from female. \ (n.) One of the two divisions of organic beings formed on the distinction of male and female. \ (n.) The capability in plants of fertilizing or of being fertilized; as, staminate and pistillate flowers are of opposite sexes. \ (n.) One of the groups founded on this distinction.
insert grandma (n.) Alt. of Grandmamma
insert account (n.) A reckoning; computation; calculation; enumeration; a record of some reckoning; as, the Julian account of time. \ (n.) A registry of pecuniary transactions; a written or printed statement of business dealings or debts and credits, and also of other things subjected to a reckoning or review, to keep one's account at the bank. \ (n.) A statement in general of reasons, causes, grounds, etc., explanatory of some event, no satisfactory account has been given of these phenomena. Hence, the word is often used simply for reason, ground, consideration, motive, on no account, on every account, on all accounts. \ (n.) A statement of facts or occurrences; recital of transactions; a relation or narrative; a report; a description, an account of a battle. \ (n.) A statement and explanation or vindication of one's conduct with reference to judgment thereon. \ (n.) An estimate or estimation; valuation; judgment. \ (n.) Importance; worth; value; advantage; profit. \ (v. t.) To reckon; to compute; to count. \ (v. t.) To place to one's account; to put to the credit of; to assign; -- with to. \ (v. t.) To value, estimate, or hold in opinion; to judge or consider; to deem. \ (v. t.) To recount; to relate. \ (v. i.) To render or receive an account or relation of particulars, an officer must account with or to the treasurer for money received. \ (v. i.) To render an account; to answer in judgment; -- with for, we must account for the use of our opportunities. \ (v. i.) To give a satisfactory reason; to tell the cause of; to explain, idleness accounts for poverty.
insert like v. to be pleased with; to have good feelings for someone or something; ad. in the same way as; similar to \ (superl.) Having the same, or nearly the same, appearance, qualities, or characteristics; resembling; similar to; similar; alike; -- often with in and the particulars of the resemblance; as, they are like each other in features, complexion, and many traits of character. \ (superl.) Equal, or nearly equal, fields of like extent. \ (superl.) Having probability; affording probability; probable; likely. \ (superl.) Inclined toward; disposed to, to feel like taking a walk. \ (n.) That which is equal or similar to another; the counterpart; an exact resemblance; a copy. \ (n.) A liking; a preference; inclination; -- usually in pl., we all have likes and dislikes. \ (a.) In a manner like that of; in a manner similar to, do not act like him. \ (a.) In a like or similar manner. \ (a.) Likely; probably. \ (a.) To suit; to please; to be agreeable to. \ (a.) To be pleased with in a moderate degree; to approve; to take satisfaction in; to enjoy. \ (a.) To liken; to compare. \ (v. i.) To be pleased; to choose. \ (v. i.) To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition). \ (v. i.) To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly, he liked to have been too late. Cf. Had like, under Like, a. \ (n.) The stroke which equalizes the number of strokes played by the opposing player or side, to play the like.
insert rail (n.) An outer cloak or covering; a neckerchief for women. \ (v. i.) To flow forth; to roll out; to course. \ (n.) A bar of timber or metal, usually horizontal or nearly so, extending from one post or support to another, as in fences, balustrades, staircases, etc. \ (n.) A horizontal piece in a frame or paneling. See Illust. of Style. \ (n.) A bar of steel or iron, forming part of the track on which the wheels roll. It is usually shaped with reference to vertical strength, and is held in place by chairs, splices, etc. \ (n.) The stout, narrow plank that forms the top of the bulwarks. \ (n.) The light, fencelike structures of wood or metal at the break of the deck, and elsewhere where such protection is needed. \ (v. t.) To inclose with rails or a railing. \ (v. t.) To range in a line. \ (v.) Any one of numerous species of limicoline birds of the family Rallidae, especially those of the genus Rallus, and of closely allied genera. They are prized as game birds. \ (v. i.) To use insolent and reproachful language; to utter reproaches; to scoff; -- followed by at or against, formerly by on. \ (v. t.) To rail at. \ (v. t.) To move or influence by railing. \ (n.) A railroad as a means of transportation; as, to go by rail; a place not accesible by rail.
insert file (n.) An orderly succession; a line; a row \ (n.) A row of soldiers ranged one behind another; -- in contradistinction to rank, which designates a row of soldiers standing abreast; a number consisting the depth of a body of troops, which, in the ordinary modern formation, consists of two men, the battalion standing two deep, or in two ranks. \ (n.) An orderly collection of papers, arranged in sequence or classified for preservation and reference; as, files of letters or of newspapers; this mail brings English files to the 15th instant. \ (n.) The line, wire, or other contrivance, by which papers are put and kept in order. \ (n.) A roll or list. \ (n.) Course of thought; thread of narration. \ (v. t.) To set in order; to arrange, or lay away, esp. as papers in a methodical manner for preservation and reverence; to place on file; to insert in its proper place in an arranged body of papers. \ (v. t.) To bring before a court or legislative body by presenting proper papers in a regular way, to file a petition or bill. \ (v. t.) To put upon the files or among the records of a court; to note on (a paper) the fact date of its reception in court. \ (v. i.) To march in a file or line, as soldiers, not abreast, but one after another; -- generally with off. \ (n.) A steel instrument, having cutting ridges or teeth, made by indentation with a chisel, used for abrading or smoothing other substances, as metals, wood, etc. \ (n.) Anything employed to smooth, polish, or rasp, literally or figuratively. \ (n.) A shrewd or artful person. \ (v. t.) To rub, smooth, or cut away, with a file; to sharpen with a file, to file a saw or a tooth. \ (v. t.) To smooth or polish as with a file. \ (v. t.) To make foul; to defile.
insert tailor (n.) One whose occupation is to cut out and make men's garments; also, one who cuts out and makes ladies' outer garments. \ (n.) The mattowacca; -- called also tailor herring. \ (n.) The silversides. \ (n.) The goldfish. \ (v. i.) To practice making men's clothes; to follow the business of a tailor.
insert future n. time after now ("We can talk about it in the future."); ad. in the time to come ("All future meetings will be held in this room.") \ (v. i.) That is to be or come hereafter; that will exist at any time after the present; as, the next moment is future, to the present. \ (a.) Time to come; time subsequent to the present (as, the future shall be as the present); collectively, events that are to happen in time to come. \ (a.) The possibilities of the future; -- used especially of prospective success or advancement, he had great future before him. \ (a.) A future tense.
insert dinner n. the main amount of food eaten at a usual time ("The family had its dinner at noon."); a special event that includes food ("The official dinner took place at the White House.") \ (n.) The principal meal of the day, eaten by most people about midday, but by many (especially in cities) at a later hour. \ (n.) An entertainment; a feast.
insert regard (v. t.) To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon. \ (v. t.) Hence, to look or front toward; to face. \ (v. t.) To look closely at; to observe attentively; to pay attention to; to notice or remark particularly. \ (v. t.) To look upon, as in a certain relation; to hold as an popinion; to consider; as, to regard abstinence from wine as a duty; to regard another as a friend or enemy. \ (v. t.) To consider and treat; to have a certain feeling toward, to regard one with favor or dislike. \ (v. t.) To pay respect to; to treat as something of peculiar value, sanctity, or the like; to care for; to esteem. \ (v. t.) To take into consideration; to take account of, as a fact or condition. \ (v. t.) To have relation to, as bearing upon; to respect; to relate to; to touch, an argument does not regard the question; -- often used impersonally, I agree with you as regards this or that. \ (v. i.) To look attentively; to notice. \ (v. t.) A look; aspect directed to another; view; gaze. \ (v. t.) Attention of the mind with a feeling of interest; observation; heed; notice. \ (v. t.) That view of the mind which springs from perception of value, estimable qualities, or anything that excites admiration; respect; esteem; reverence; affection, to have a high regard for a person; -- often in the plural. \ (v. t.) State of being regarded, whether favorably or otherwise; estimation; repute; note; account. \ (v. t.) Consideration; thought; reflection; heed. \ (v. t.) Matter for consideration; account; condition. \ (v. t.) Respect; relation; reference. \ (v. t.) Object of sight; scene; aspect. \ (v. t.) Supervision; inspection.
insert tennis (n.) A play in which a ball is driven to and fro, or kept in motion by striking it with a racket or with the open hand. \ (v. t.) To drive backward and forward, as a ball in playing tennis.
insert receive v. to get or accept something given, offered or sent \ (v. t.) To take, as something that is offered, given, committed, sent, paid, or the like; to accept; as, to receive money offered in payment of a debt; to receive a gift, a message, or a letter. \ (v. t.) Hence: To gain the knowledge of; to take into the mind by assent to; to give admission to, as an opinion, notion, etc.; to embrace. \ (v. t.) To allow, as a custom, tradition; to give credence or acceptance to. \ (v. t.) To give admittance to; to permit to enter, as into one's house, presence, company, and the like, to receive a lodger, visitor, ambassador, messenger, etc. \ (v. t.) To admit; to take in; to hold; to contain; to have capacity for; to be able to take in. \ (v. t.) To be affected by something; to suffer; to be subjected to, to receive pleasure or pain; to receive a wound or a blow; to receive damage. \ (v. t.) To take from a thief, as goods known to be stolen. \ (v. t.) To bat back (the ball) when served. \ (v. i.) To receive visitors; to be at home to receive calls, she receives on Tuesdays. \ (v. i.) To return, or bat back, the ball when served, it is your turn to receive.
insert delicious (a.) Affording exquisite pleasure; delightful; most sweet or grateful to the senses, especially to the taste; charming. \ (a.) Addicted to pleasure; seeking enjoyment; luxurious; effeminate.
insert aloud (adv.) With a loud voice, or great noise; loudly; audibly.
insert vision (v.) The act of seeing external objects; actual sight. \ (v.) The faculty of seeing; sight; one of the five senses, by which colors and the physical qualities of external objects are appreciated as a result of the stimulating action of light on the sensitive retina, an expansion of the optic nerve. \ (v.) That which is seen; an object of sight. \ (v.) Especially, that which is seen otherwise than by the ordinary sight, or the rational eye; a supernatural, prophetic, or imaginary sight; an apparition; a phantom; a specter; as, the visions of Isaiah. \ (v.) Hence, something unreal or imaginary; a creation of fancy. \ (v. t.) To see in a vision; to dream.
insert countryside (n.) A particular rural district; a country neighborhood.
insert brilliant (p. pr.) Sparkling with luster; glittering; very bright; as, a brilliant star. \ (p. pr.) Distinguished by qualities which excite admiration; splendid; shining, brilliant talents. \ (a.) A diamond or other gem of the finest cut, formed into faces and facets, so as to reflect and refract the light, by which it is rendered more brilliant. It has at the middle, or top, a principal face, called the table, which is surrounded by a number of sloping facets forming a bizet; below, it has a small face or collet, parallel to the table, connected with the girdle by a pavilion of elongated facets. It is thus distinguished from the rose diamond, which is entirely covered with facets on the surface, and is flat below. \ (a.) The smallest size of type used in England printing. \ (a.) A kind of cotton goods, figured on the weaving.
insert willing ad. being ready or having a desire to ("They are willing to talk about the problem.") \ (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Will \ (v. t.) Free to do or to grant; having the mind inclined; not opposed in mind; not choosing to refuse; disposed; not averse; desirous; consenting; complying; ready. \ (v. t.) Received of choice, or without reluctance; submitted to voluntarily; chosen; desired. \ (v. t.) Spontaneous; self-moved.
insert game n. an activity with rules in which people or teams play or compete, usually sports \ (n.) Crooked; lame; as, a game leg. \ (v. i.) Sport of any kind; jest, frolic. \ (v. i.) A contest, physical or mental, according to certain rules, for amusement, recreation, or for winning a stake, a game of chance; games of skill; field games, etc. \ (v. i.) The use or practice of such a game; a single match at play; a single contest, a game at cards. \ (v. i.) That which is gained, as the stake in a game; also, the number of points necessary to be scored in order to win a game, in short whist five points are game. \ (v. i.) In some games, a point credited on the score to the player whose cards counts up the highest. \ (v. i.) A scheme or art employed in the pursuit of an object or purpose; method of procedure; projected line of operations; plan; project. \ (v. i.) Animals pursued and taken by sportsmen; wild meats designed for, or served at, table. \ (a.) Having a resolute, unyielding spirit, like the gamecock; ready to fight to the last; plucky. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to such animals as are hunted for game, or to the act or practice of hunting. \ (n.) To rejoice; to be pleased; -- often used, in Old English, impersonally with dative. \ (n.) To play at any sport or diversion. \ (n.) To play for a stake or prize; to use cards, dice, billiards, or other instruments, with a view to win money or other thing waged upon the issue of the contest; to gamble.
insert lost (v. t.) Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as, a lost book or sheep. \ (v. t.) Parted with; no longer held or possessed, a lost limb; lost honor. \ (v. t.) Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered, a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit. \ (v. t.) Having wandered from, or unable to find, the way; bewildered; perplexed, a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London. \ (v. t.) Ruined or destroyed, either physically or morally; past help or hope, a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul. \ (v. t.) Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible, lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor. \ (v. t.) Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible, an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd. \ (v. t.) Occupied with, or under the influence of, something, so as to be insensible of external things, to be lost in thought.
insert tunnel (n. .) A vessel with a broad mouth at one end, a pipe or tube at the other, for conveying liquor, fluids, etc., into casks, bottles, or other vessels; a funnel. \ (n. .) The opening of a chimney for the passage of smoke; a flue; a funnel. \ (n. .) An artificial passage or archway for conducting canals or railroads under elevated ground, for the formation of roads under rivers or canals, and the construction of sewers, drains, and the like. \ (n. .) A level passage driven across the measures, or at right angles to veins which it is desired to reach; -- distinguished from the drift, or gangway, which is led along the vein when reached by the tunnel. \ (v. t.) To form into a tunnel, or funnel, or to form like a tunnel; as, to tunnel fibrous plants into nests. \ (v. t.) To catch in a tunnel net. \ (v. t.) To make an opening, or a passageway, through or under, to tunnel a mountain; to tunnel a river.
insert atomic (a.) Alt. of Atomical
insert governor (n.) One who governs; especially, one who is invested with the supreme executive authority in a State; a chief ruler or magistrate; as, the governor of Pennsylvania. \ (n.) One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian. \ (n.) A pilot; a steersman. \ (n.) A contrivance applied to steam engines, water wheels, and other machinery, to maintain nearly uniform speed when the resistances and motive force are variable.
insert golf (n.) A game played with a small ball and a bat or club crooked at the lower end. He who drives the ball into each of a series of small holes in the ground and brings it into the last hole with the fewest strokes is the winner. \ (v. i.) To play at golf.
insert grade (n.) A step or degree in any series, rank, quality, order; relative position or standing; as, grades of military rank; crimes of every grade; grades of flour. \ (n.) The rate of ascent or descent; gradient; deviation from a level surface to an inclined plane; -- usually stated as so many feet per mile, or as one foot rise or fall in so many of horizontal distance, a heavy grade; a grade of twenty feet per mile, or of 1 in 264. \ (n.) A graded ascending, descending, or level portion of a road; a gradient. \ (n.) The result of crossing a native stock with some better breed. If the crossbreed have more than three fourths of the better blood, it is called high grade. \ (v. t.) To arrange in order, steps, or degrees, according to size, etc. \ (v. t.) To reduce to a level, or to an evenly progressive ascent, as the line of a canal or road. \ (v. t.) To cross with some better breed; to improve the blood of. \ (n.) A harsh scraping or cutting; a grating.
insert sore (n.) Reddish brown; sorrel. \ (n.) A young hawk or falcon in the first year. \ (n.) A young buck in the fourth year. See the Note under Buck. \ (superl.) Tender to the touch; susceptible of pain from pressure; inflamed; painful; -- said of the body or its parts; as, a sore hand. \ (superl.) Fig.: Sensitive; tender; easily pained, grieved, or vexed; very susceptible of irritation. \ (superl.) Severe; afflictive; distressing, a sore disease; sore evil or calamity. \ (superl.) Criminal; wrong; evil. \ (a.) A place in an animal body where the skin and flesh are ruptured or bruised, so as to be tender or painful; a painful or diseased place, such as an ulcer or a boil. \ (a.) Fig.: Grief; affliction; trouble; difficulty. \ (a.) In a sore manner; with pain; grievously. \ (a.) Greatly; violently; deeply.
insert smooth ad. having a level surface; opposite rough \ (superl.) Having an even surface, or a surface so even that no roughness or points can be perceived by the touch; not rough; as, smooth glass; smooth porcelain. \ (superl.) Evenly spread or arranged; sleek, smooth hair. \ (superl.) Gently flowing; moving equably; not ruffled or obstructed, a smooth stream. \ (superl.) Flowing or uttered without check, obstruction, or hesitation; not harsh; voluble; even; fluent. \ (superl.) Bland; mild; smoothing; fattering. \ (superl.) Causing no resistance to a body sliding along its surface; frictionless. \ (adv.) Smoothly. \ (n.) The act of making smooth; a stroke which smooths. \ (n.) That which is smooth; the smooth part of anything. \ (a.) To make smooth; to make even on the surface by any means, to smooth a board with a plane; to smooth cloth with an iron. \ (a.) To free from obstruction; to make easy. \ (a.) To free from harshness; to make flowing. \ (a.) To palliate; to gloze, to smooth over a fault. \ (a.) To give a smooth or calm appearance to. \ (a.) To ease; to regulate. \ (v. i.) To flatter; to use blandishment.
insert total n. the complete amount \ (a.) Whole; not divided; entire; full; complete; absolute; as, a total departure from the evidence; a total loss. \ (n.) The whole; the whole sum or amount, these sums added make the grand total of five millions. \ (v. t.) To bring to a total; to add; also, to reach as a total; to amount to.
insert become v. to come to be \ (p. p.) of Become \ (v. i.) To pass from one state to another; to enter into some state or condition, by a change from another state, or by assuming or receiving new properties or qualities, additional matter, or a new character. \ (v. i.) To come; to get. \ (v. t.) To suit or be suitable to; to be congruous with; to befit; to accord with, in character or circumstances; to be worthy of, or proper for; to cause to appear well; -- said of persons and things.
insert say v. to speak; to express in words \ (imp.) Saw. \ (n.) Trial by sample; assay; sample; specimen; smack. \ (n.) Tried quality; temper; proof. \ (n.) Essay; trial; attempt. \ (v. t.) To try; to assay. \ (n.) A kind of silk or satin. \ (n.) A delicate kind of serge, or woolen cloth. \ (v. t.) To utter or express in words; to tell; to speak; to declare; as, he said many wise things. \ (v. t.) To repeat; to rehearse; to recite; to pronounce, to say a lesson. \ (v. t.) To announce as a decision or opinion; to state positively; to assert; hence, to form an opinion upon; to be sure about; to be determined in mind as to. \ (v. t.) To mention or suggest as an estimate, hypothesis, or approximation, to suppose; -- in the imperative, followed sometimes by the subjunctive, he had, say fifty thousand dollars; the fox had run, say ten miles. \ (v. i.) To speak; to express an opinion; to make answer; to reply. \ (v. t.) A speech; something said; an expression of opinion; a current story; a maxim or proverb.
insert table (n.) A smooth, flat surface, like the side of a board; a thin, flat, smooth piece of anything; a slab. \ (n.) A thin, flat piece of wood, stone, metal, or other material, on which anything is cut, traced, written, or painted; a tablet \ (n.) a memorandum book. \ (n.) Any smooth, flat surface upon which an inscription, a drawing, or the like, may be produced. \ (n.) Hence, in a great variety of applications: A condensed statement which may be comprehended by the eye in a single view; a methodical or systematic synopsis; the presentation of many items or particulars in one group; a scheme; a schedule. \ (n.) A view of the contents of a work; a statement of the principal topics discussed; an index; a syllabus; a synopsis; as, a table of contents. \ (n.) A list of substances and their properties; especially, a list of the elementary substances with their atomic weights, densities, symbols, etc. \ (n.) Any collection and arrangement in a condensed form of many particulars or values, for ready reference, as of weights, measures, currency, specific gravities, etc.; also, a series of numbers following some law, and expressing particular values corresponding to certain other numbers on which they depend, and by means of which they are taken out for use in computations, tables of logarithms, sines, tangents, squares, cubes; annuity tables; interest tables; astronomical tables, etc. \ (n.) The arrangement or disposition of the lines which appear on the inside of the hand. \ (n.) An article of furniture, consisting of a flat slab, board, having a smooth surface, fixed horizontally on legs, and used for a great variety of purposes, as in eating, writing, or working. \ (n.) Hence, food placed on a table to be partaken of; fare; entertainment, to set a good table. \ (n.) The company assembled round a table. \ (n.) One of the two, external and internal, layers of compact bone, separated by diploe, in the walls of the cranium. \ (n.) A stringcourse which includes an offset; esp., a band of stone, set where an offset is required, so as to make it decorative. See Water table. \ (n.) The board on the opposite sides of which backgammon and draughts are played. \ (n.) One of the divisions of a backgammon board, to play into the right-hand table. \ (n.) The games of backgammon and of draughts. \ (n.) A circular plate of crown glass. \ (n.) The upper flat surface of a diamond or other precious stone, the sides of which are cut in angles. \ (n.) A plane surface, supposed to be transparent and perpendicular to the horizon; -- called also perspective plane. \ (n.) The part of a machine tool on which the work rests and is fastened. \ (v. t.) To form into a table or catalogue; to tabulate, to table fines. \ (v. t.) To delineate, as on a table; to represent, as in a picture. \ (v. t.) To supply with food; to feed. \ (v. t.) To insert, as one piece of timber into another, by alternate scores or projections from the middle, to prevent slipping; to scarf.
insert between ad. in the space or time that separates; from one to the other ("talks between two nations") \ (prep.) In the space which separates; betwixt; as, New York is between Boston and Philadelphia. \ (prep.) Used in expressing motion from one body or place to another; from one to another of two. \ (prep.) Belonging in common to two; shared by both. \ (prep.) Belonging to, or participated in by, two, and involving reciprocal action or affecting their mutual relation, opposition between science and religion. \ (prep.) With relation to two, as involved in an act or attribute of which another is the agent or subject, to judge between or to choose between courses; to distinguish between you and me; to mediate between nations. \ (prep.) In intermediate relation to, in respect to time, quantity, or degree, between nine and ten o'clock. \ (n.) Intermediate time or space; interval.
insert kilo (n.) An abbreviation of Kilogram.
insert one (a.) Being a single unit, or entire being or thing, and no more; not multifold; single; individual. \ (a.) Denoting a person or thing conceived or spoken of indefinitely; a certain. "I am the sister of one Claudio" [Shak.], that is, of a certain man named Claudio. \ (a.) Pointing out a contrast, or denoting a particular thing or person different from some other specified; -- used as a correlative adjective, with or without the. \ (a.) Closely bound together; undivided; united; constituting a whole. \ (a.) Single in kind; the same; a common. \ (a.) Single; inmarried. \ (n.) A single unit; as, one is the base of all numbers. \ (n.) A symbol representing a unit, as 1, or i. \ (n.) A single person or thing. \ (indef. pron.) Any person, indefinitely; a person or body, what one would have well done, one should do one's self. \ (v. t.) To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to unite; to assimilite.
insert please v. to make one happy; to give enjoyment \ (v. t.) To give pleasure to; to excite agreeable sensations or emotions in; to make glad; to gratify; to content; to satisfy. \ (v. t.) To have or take pleasure in; hence, to choose; to wish; to desire; to will. \ (v. t.) To be the will or pleasure of; to seem good to; -- used impersonally. \ (v. i.) To afford or impart pleasure; to excite agreeable emotions. \ (v. i.) To have pleasure; to be willing, as a matter of affording pleasure or showing favor; to vouchsafe; to consent.
insert training (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Train \ (n.) The act of one who trains; the act or process of exercising, disciplining, etc.; education.
insert player (n.) One who plays, or amuses himself; one without serious aims; an idler; a trifler. \ (n.) One who plays any game. \ (n.) A dramatic actor. \ (n.) One who plays on an instrument of music. \ (n.) A gamester; a gambler.
insert push v. to use force to move something away from the person or thing using the force; opposite pull \ (n.) A pustule; a pimple. \ (v. t.) To press against with force; to drive or impel by pressure; to endeavor to drive by steady pressure, without striking; -- opposed to draw. \ (v. t.) To thrust the points of the horns against; to gore. \ (v. t.) To press or urge forward; to drive; to push an objection too far. \ (v. t.) To bear hard upon; to perplex; to embarrass. \ (v. t.) To importune; to press with solicitation; to tease. \ (v. i.) To make a thrust; to shove; as, to push with the horns or with a sword. \ (v. i.) To make an advance, attack, or effort; to be energetic, a man must push in order to succeed. \ (v. i.) To burst pot, as a bud or shoot. \ (n.) A thrust with a pointed instrument, or with the end of a thing. \ (n.) Any thrust. pressure, impulse, or force, or force applied; a shove, to give the ball the first push. \ (n.) An assault or attack; an effort; an attempt; hence, the time or occasion for action. \ (n.) The faculty of overcoming obstacles; aggressive energy, he has push, or he has no push. \ (n.) A crowd; a company or clique of associates; a gang.
insert absence (n.) A state of being absent or withdrawn from a place or from companionship; -- opposed to presence. \ (n.) Want; destitution; withdrawal. \ (n.) Inattention to things present; abstraction (of mind); as, absence of mind.
insert enemy n. a person opposing or hating another; a person or people of the other side in a war \ (n.) One hostile to another; one who hates, and desires or attempts the injury of, another; a foe; an adversary; as, an enemy of or to a person; an enemy to truth, or to falsehood. \ (a.) Hostile; inimical.
insert broken (p. p.) of Break \ (v. t.) Separated into parts or pieces by violence; divided into fragments; as, a broken chain or rope; a broken dish. \ (v. t.) Disconnected; not continuous; also, rough; uneven, a broken surface. \ (v. t.) Fractured; cracked; disunited; sundered; strained; apart, a broken reed; broken friendship. \ (v. t.) Made infirm or weak, by disease, age, or hardships. \ (v. t.) Subdued; humbled; contrite. \ (v. t.) Subjugated; trained for use, as a horse. \ (v. t.) Crushed and ruined as by something that destroys hope; blighted. \ (v. t.) Not carried into effect; not adhered to; violated, a broken promise, vow, or contract; a broken law. \ (v. t.) Ruined financially; incapable of redeeming promises made, or of paying debts incurred, a broken bank; a broken tradesman. \ (v. t.) Imperfectly spoken, as by a foreigner, broken English; imperfectly spoken on account of emotion, to say a few broken words at parting.
insert friend n. a person one likes and trusts \ (n.) One who entertains for another such sentiments of esteem, respect, and affection that he seeks his society aud welfare; a wellwisher; an intimate associate; sometimes, an attendant. \ (n.) One not inimical or hostile; one not a foe or enemy; also, one of the same nation, party, kin, etc., whose friendly feelings may be assumed. The word is some times used as a term of friendly address. \ (n.) One who looks propitiously on a cause, an institution, a project, and the like; a favorer; a promoter; as, a friend to commerce, to poetry, to an institution. \ (n.) One of a religious sect characterized by disuse of outward rites and an ordained ministry, by simplicity of dress and speech, and esp. by opposition to war and a desire to live at peace with all men. They are popularly called Quakers. \ (n.) A paramour of either sex. \ (v. t.) To act as the friend of; to favor; to countenance; to befriend.
insert organ a part of the body that has a special purpose, such as the heart or brain \ (n.) An instrument or medium by which some important action is performed, or an important end accomplished; as, legislatures, courts, armies, taxgatherers, etc., are organs of government. \ (n.) A natural part or structure in an animal or a plant, capable of performing some special action (termed its function), which is essential to the life or well-being of the whole, the heart, lungs, are organs of animals; the root, stem, foliage, are organs of plants. \ (n.) A component part performing an essential office in the working of any complex machine, the cylinder, valves, crank, are organs of the steam engine. \ (n.) A medium of communication between one person or body and another, the secretary of state is the organ of communication between the government and a foreign power; a newspaper is the organ of its editor, or of a party, sect, etc. \ (n.) A wind instrument containing numerous pipes of various dimensions and kinds, which are filled with wind from a bellows, and played upon by means of keys similar to those of a piano, and sometimes by foot keys or pedals; -- formerly used in the plural, each pipe being considired an organ. \ (v. t.) To supply with an organ or organs; to fit with organs; to organize.
insert defend v. to guard or fight against attack; to protect \ (v. t.) To ward or fend off; to drive back or away; to repel. \ (v. t.) To prohibit; to forbid. \ (v. t.) To repel danger or harm from; to protect; to secure against; attack; to maintain against force or argument; to uphold; to guard; as, to defend a town; to defend a cause; to defend character; to defend the absent; -- sometimes followed by from or against, to defend one's self from, or against, one's enemies. \ (v. t.) To deny the right of the plaintiff in regard to (the suit, or the wrong charged); to oppose or resist, as a claim at law; to contest, as a suit.
insert throat (n.) The part of the neck in front of, or ventral to, the vertebral column. \ (n.) Hence, the passage through it to the stomach and lungs; the pharynx; -- sometimes restricted to the fauces. \ (n.) A contracted portion of a vessel, or of a passage way; as, the throat of a pitcher or vase. \ (n.) The part of a chimney between the gathering, or portion of the funnel which contracts in ascending, and the flue. \ (n.) The upper fore corner of a boom-and-gaff sail, or of a staysail. \ (n.) That end of a gaff which is next the mast. \ (n.) The angle where the arm of an anchor is joined to the shank. \ (n.) The inside of a timber knee. \ (n.) The orifice of a tubular organ; the outer end of the tube of a monopetalous corolla; the faux, or fauces. \ (v. t.) To utter in the throat; to mutter, to throat threats. \ (v. t.) To mow, as beans, in a direction against their bending.
insert yourself (pron.) An emphasized or reflexive form of the pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with you; as, you yourself shall see it; also, alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case, you have injured yourself.
insert waitress (n.) A female waiter or attendant; a waiting maid or waiting woman.
insert widely (adv.) In a wide manner; to a wide degree or extent; far; extensively; as, the gospel was widely disseminated by the apostles. \ (adv.) Very much; to a great degree or extent, to differ widely in opinion.
insert cloud n. a mass of fog high in the sky \ (n.) A collection of visible vapor, or watery particles, suspended in the upper atmosphere. \ (n.) A mass or volume of smoke, or flying dust, resembling vapor. \ (n.) A dark vein or spot on a lighter material, as in marble; hence, a blemish or defect; as, a cloud upon one's reputation; a cloud on a title. \ (n.) That which has a dark, lowering, or threatening aspect; that which temporarily overshadows, obscures, or depresses, a cloud of sorrow; a cloud of war; a cloud upon the intellect. \ (n.) A great crowd or multitude; a vast collection. \ (n.) A large, loosely-knitted scarf, worn by women about the head. \ (v. t.) To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds, the sky is clouded. \ (v. t.) To darken or obscure, as if by hiding or enveloping with a cloud, to render gloomy or sullen. \ (v. t.) To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish; to damage; -- esp. used of reputation or character. \ (v. t.) To mark with, or darken in, veins or sports; to variegate with colors, to cloud yarn. \ (v. i.) To grow cloudy; to become obscure with clouds; -- often used with up.
insert coffee n. a drink made from the plant of the same name \ (n.) The "beans" or "berries" (pyrenes) obtained from the drupes of a small evergreen tree of the genus Coffea, growing in Abyssinia, Arabia, Persia, and other warm regions of Asia and Africa, and also in tropical America. \ (n.) The coffee tree. \ (n.) The beverage made from the roasted and ground berry.
insert pearl (n.) A fringe or border. \ (v. t. ) To fringe; to border. \ (n.) A shelly concretion, usually rounded, and having a brilliant luster, with varying tints, found in the mantle, or between the mantle and shell, of certain bivalve mollusks, especially in the pearl oysters and river mussels, and sometimes in certain univalves. It is usually due to a secretion of shelly substance around some irritating foreign particle. Its substance is the same as nacre, or mother-of-pearl. Pearls which are round, or nearly round, and of fine luster, are highly esteemed as jewels, and compare in value with the precious stones. \ (n.) Hence, figuratively, something resembling a pearl; something very precious. \ (n.) Nacre, or mother-of-pearl. \ (n.) A fish allied to the turbot; the brill. \ (n.) A light-colored tern. \ (n.) One of the circle of tubercles which form the bur on a deer's antler. \ (n.) A whitish speck or film on the eye. \ (n.) A capsule of gelatin or similar substance containing some liquid for medicinal application, as ether. \ (n.) A size of type, between agate and diamond. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to pearl or pearls; made of pearls, or of mother-of-pearl. \ (v. t.) To set or adorn with pearls, or with mother-of-pearl. Used also figuratively. \ (v. t.) To cause to resemble pearls; to make into small round grains; as, to pearl barley. \ (v. i.) To resemble pearl or pearls. \ (v. i.) To give or hunt for pearls, to go pearling.
insert crack (v. t.) To break or burst, with or without entire separation of the parts; as, to crack glass; to crack nuts. \ (v. t.) To rend with grief or pain; to affect deeply with sorrow; hence, to disorder; to distract; to craze. \ (v. t.) To cause to sound suddenly and sharply; to snap, to crack a whip. \ (v. t.) To utter smartly and sententiously, to crack a joke. \ (v. t.) To cry up; to extol; -- followed by up. \ (v. i.) To burst or open in chinks; to break, with or without quite separating into parts. \ (v. i.) To be ruined or impaired; to fail. \ (v. i.) To utter a loud or sharp, sudden sound. \ (v. i.) To utter vain, pompous words; to brag; to boast; -- with of. \ (n.) A partial separation of parts, with or without a perceptible opening; a chink or fissure; a narrow breach; a crevice, a crack in timber, or in a wall, or in glass. \ (n.) Rupture; flaw; breach, in a moral sense. \ (n.) A sharp, sudden sound or report; the sound of anything suddenly burst or broken, the crack of a falling house; the crack of thunder; the crack of a whip. \ (n.) The tone of voice when changed at puberty. \ (n.) Mental flaw; a touch of craziness; partial insanity, he has a crack. \ (n.) A crazy or crack-brained person. \ (n.) A boast; boasting. \ (n.) Breach of chastity. \ (n.) A boy, generally a pert, lively boy. \ (n.) A brief time; an instant, to be with one in a crack. \ (n.) Free conversation; friendly chat. \ (a.) Of superior excellence; having qualities to be boasted of.
insert meter (n.) One who, or that which, metes or measures. See Coal-meter. \ (n.) An instrument for measuring, and usually for recording automatically, the quantity measured. \ (n.) A line above or below a hanging net, to which the net is attached in order to strengthen it. \ (n.) Alt. of Metre
insert storm n. violent weather, including strong winds and rain or snow \ (n.) A violent disturbance of the atmosphere, attended by wind, rain, snow, hail, or thunder and lightning; hence, often, a heavy fall of rain, or hail, whether accompanied with wind or not. \ (n.) A violent agitation of human society; a civil, political, or domestic commotion; sedition, insurrection, or war; violent outbreak; clamor; tumult. \ (n.) A heavy shower or fall, any adverse outburst of tumultuous force; violence. \ (n.) A violent assault on a fortified place; a furious attempt of troops to enter and take a fortified place by scaling the walls, forcing the gates, or the like. \ (v. t.) To assault; to attack, and attempt to take, by scaling walls, forcing gates, breaches, or the like; as, to storm a fortified town. \ (v. i.) To raise a tempest. \ (v. i.) To blow with violence; also, to rain, usually in a violent manner, or with high wind; -- used impersonally, it storms. \ (v. i.) To rage; to be in a violent passion; to fume.
insert report v. to tell about; to give the results of a study or investigation; n. the story about an event; the results of a study or investigation; a statement in which the facts may not be confirmed \ (v. t.) To refer. \ (v. t.) To bring back, as an answer; to announce in return; to relate, as what has been discovered by a person sent to examine, explore, or investigate; as, a messenger reports to his employer what he has seen or ascertained; the committee reported progress. \ (v. t.) To give an account of; to tell; to circulate publicly, as a story, in the common phrase, it is reported. \ (v. t.) To give an official account or statement of, a treasurer reports the receipts and expenditures. \ (v. t.) To return or repeat, as sound; to echo. \ (v. t.) To return or present as the result of an examination or consideration of any matter officially referred, the committee reported the bill witth amendments, or reported a new bill, or reported the results of an inquiry. \ (v. t.) To make minutes of, as a speech, or the doings of a public body; to write down from the lips of a speaker. \ (v. t.) To write an account of for publication, as in a newspaper, to report a public celebration or a horse race. \ (v. t.) To make a statement of the conduct of, especially in an unfavorable sense, to report a servant to his employer. \ (v. i.) To make a report, or response, in respect of a matter inquired of, a duty enjoined, or information expected, the committee will report at twelve o'clock. \ (v. i.) To furnish in writing an account of a speech, the proceedings at a meeting, the particulars of an occurrence, etc., for publication. \ (v. i.) To present one's self, as to a superior officer, or to one to whom service is due, and to be in readiness for orders or to do service; also, to give information, as of one's address, condition, the officer reported to the general for duty; to report weekly by letter. \ (v. t.) That which is reported. \ (v. t.) An account or statement of the results of examination or inquiry made by request or direction; relation. \ (v. t.) A story or statement circulating by common talk; a rumor; hence, fame; repute; reputation. \ (v. t.) Sound; noise, the report of a pistol or cannon. \ (v. t.) An official statement of facts, verbal or written; especially, a statement in writing of proceedings and facts exhibited by an officer to his superiors, the reports of the heads af departments to Congress, of a master in chancery to the court, of committees to a legislative body, and the like. \ (v. t.) An account or statement of a judicial opinion or decision, or of case argued and determined in a court of law, chancery, in the plural, the volumes containing such reports, Coke's Reports. \ (v. t.) A sketch, or a fully written account, of a speech, debate, or the proceedings of a public meeting, legislative body, etc. \ (v. t.) Rapport; relation; connection; reference.
insert flash (v. i.) To burst or break forth with a sudden and transient flood of flame and light; as, the lighting flashes vividly; the powder flashed. \ (v. i.) To break forth, as a sudden flood of light; to burst instantly and brightly on the sight; to show a momentary brilliancy; to come or pass like a flash. \ (v. i.) To burst forth like a sudden flame; to break out violently; to rush hastily. \ (v. t.) To send out in flashes; to cause to burst forth with sudden flame or light. \ (v. t.) To convey as by a flash; to light up, as by a sudden flame or light, to flash a message along the wires; to flash conviction on the mind. \ (v. t.) To cover with a thin layer, as objects of glass with glass of a different color. See Flashing, n., 3 (b). \ (n.) To trick up in a showy manner. \ (n.) To strike and throw up large bodies of water from the surface; to splash. \ (n.) A sudden burst of light; a flood of light instantaneously appearing and disappearing; a momentary blaze, a flash of lightning. \ (n.) A sudden and brilliant burst, as of wit or genius; a momentary brightness or show. \ (n.) The time during which a flash is visible; an instant; a very brief period. \ (n.) A preparation of capsicum, burnt sugar, etc., for coloring and giving a fictious strength to liquors. \ (a.) Showy, but counterfeit; cheap, pretentious, and vulgar, flash jewelry; flash finery. \ (a.) Wearing showy, counterfeit ornaments; vulgarly pretentious, flash people; flash men or women; -- applied especially to thieves, gamblers, and prostitutes that dress in a showy way and wear much cheap jewelry. \ (n.) Slang or cant of thieves and prostitutes. \ (n.) A pool. \ (n.) A reservoir and sluiceway beside a navigable stream, just above a shoal, so that the stream may pour in water as boats pass, and thus bear them over the shoal.
insert something (n.) Anything unknown, undetermined, or not specifically designated; a certain indefinite thing; an indeterminate or unknown event; an unspecified task, work, or thing. \ (n.) A part; a portion, more or less; an indefinite quantity or degree; a little. \ (n.) A person or thing importance. \ (adv.) In some degree; somewhat; to some extent; at some distance.
insert propose v. to present or offer for consideration \ (v.) To set forth. \ (v.) To offer for consideration, discussion, acceptance, or adoption; as, to propose terms of peace; to propose a question for discussion; to propose an alliance; to propose a person for office. \ (v.) To set before one's self or others as a purpose formed; hence, to purpose; to intend. \ (v. i.) To speak; to converse. \ (v. i.) To form or declare a purpose or intention; to lay a scheme; to design, man proposes, but God disposes. \ (v. i.) To offer one's self in marriage. \ (n.) Talk; discourse.
insert frog (n.) An amphibious animal of the genus Rana and related genera, of many species. Frogs swim rapidly, and take long leaps on land. Many of the species utter loud notes in the springtime. \ (n.) The triangular prominence of the hoof, in the middle of the sole of the foot of the horse, and other animals; the fourchette. \ (n.) A supporting plate having raised ribs that form continuations of the rails, to guide the wheels where one track branches from another or crosses it. \ (n.) An oblong cloak button, covered with netted thread, and fastening into a loop instead of a button hole. \ (n.) The loop of the scabbard of a bayonet or sword. \ (v. t.) To ornament or fasten (a coat, etc.) with trogs. See Frog, n., 4.
insert self n. all that which makes one person different from others; used to show that the person or group acting is the one affected by the action, or to show that the action is done only by its own effort or power \ (a.) Same; particular; very; identical. \ (n.) The individual as the object of his own reflective consciousness; the man viewed by his own cognition as the subject of all his mental phenomena, the agent in his own activities, the subject of his own feelings, and the possessor of capacities and character; a person as a distinct individual; a being regarded as having personality. \ (n.) Hence, personal interest, or love of private interest; selfishness; as, self is his whole aim. \ (n.) Personification; embodiment. \ (a.) Having its own or a single nature or character, as in color, composition, etc., without addition or change; unmixed, a self bow, one made from a single piece of wood; self flower or plant, one which is wholly of one color; self-colored. / self-declared, self-appointed
insert wage (v. t.) To pledge; to hazard on the event of a contest; to stake; to bet, to lay; to wager; as, to wage a dollar. \ (v. t.) To expose one's self to, as a risk; to incur, as a danger; to venture; to hazard. \ (v. t.) To engage in, as a contest, as if by previous gage or pledge; to carry on, as a war. \ (v. t.) To adventure, or lay out, for hire or reward; to hire out. \ (v. t.) To put upon wages; to hire; to employ; to pay wages to. \ (v. t.) To give security for the performance of. \ (v. i.) To bind one's self; to engage. \ (v. t.) That which is staked or ventured; that for which one incurs risk or danger; prize; gage. \ (v. t.) That for which one labors; meed; reward; stipulated payment for service performed; hire; pay; compensation; -- at present generally used in the plural. See Wages.
insert collar (n.) Something worn round the neck, whether for use, ornament, restraint, or identification; as, the collar of a coat; a lady's collar; the collar of a dog. \ (n.) A ring or cincture. \ (n.) A collar beam. \ (n.) The neck or line of junction between the root of a plant and its stem. \ (n.) An ornament worn round the neck by knights, having on it devices to designate their rank or order. \ (n.) A ringlike part of a mollusk in connection with esophagus. \ (n.) A colored ring round the neck of a bird or mammal. \ (n.) A ring or round flange upon, surrounding, or against an object, and used for restraining motion within given limits, or for holding something to its place, or for hiding an opening around an object, a collar on a shaft, used to prevent endwise motion of the shaft; a collar surrounding a stovepipe at the place where it enters a wall. The flanges of a piston and the gland of a stuffing box are sometimes called collars. \ (n.) An eye formed in the bight or bend of a shroud or stay to go over the masthead; also, a rope to which certain parts of rigging, as dead-eyes, are secured. \ (n.) A curb, or a horizontal timbering, around the mouth of a shaft. \ (v. t.) To seize by the collar. \ (v. t.) To put a collar on.
insert sandwich (n.) Two pieces of bread and butter with a thin slice of meat, cheese, or the like, between them. \ (v. t.) To make into a sandwich; also, figuratively, to insert between portions of something dissimilar; to form of alternate parts or things, or alternating layers of a different nature; to interlard.
insert delighted (imp. & p. p.) of Delight \ (a.) Endowed with delight.
insert situation n. the way things are during a period of time \ (n.) Manner in which an object is placed; location, esp. as related to something else; position; locality site; as, a house in a pleasant situation. \ (n.) Position, as regards the conditions and circumstances of the case. \ (n.) Relative position; circumstances; temporary state or relation at a moment of action which excites interest, as of persons in a dramatic scene. \ (n.) Permanent position or employment; place; office, a situation in a store; a situation under government.
insert brush (n.) An instrument composed of bristles, or other like material, set in a suitable back or handle, as of wood, bone, or ivory, and used for various purposes, as in removing dust from clothes, laying on colors, etc. Brushes have different shapes and names according to their use; as, clothes brush, paint brush, tooth brush, etc. \ (n.) The bushy tail of a fox. \ (n.) A tuft of hair on the mandibles. \ (n.) Branches of trees lopped off; brushwood. \ (n.) A thicket of shrubs or small trees; the shrubs and small trees in a wood; underbrush. \ (n.) A bundle of flexible wires or thin plates of metal, used to conduct an electrical current to or from the commutator of a dynamo, electric motor, or similar apparatus. \ (n.) The act of brushing, to give one's clothes a brush; a rubbing or grazing with a quick motion; a light touch, we got a brush from the wheel as it passed. \ (n.) A skirmish; a slight encounter; a shock or collision, to have a brush with an enemy. \ (n.) A short contest, or trial, of speed. \ (n.) To apply a brush to, according to its particular use; to rub, smooth, clean, paint, etc., with a brush. \ (n.) To touch in passing, or to pass lightly over, as with a brush. \ (n.) To remove or gather by brushing, or by an act like that of brushing, or by passing lightly over, as wind; -- commonly with off. \ (v. i.) To move nimbly in haste; to move so lightly as scarcely to be perceived, to brush by. \ (n.) In Australia, a dense growth of vegetation in good soil, including shrubs and trees, mostly small.
insert rub v. to move something over the surface of another thing \ (v. t.) To subject (a body) to the action of something moving over its surface with pressure and friction, especially to the action of something moving back and forth; as, to rub the flesh with the hand; to rub wood with sandpaper. \ (v. t.) To move over the surface of (a body) with pressure and friction; to graze; to chafe, the boat rubs the ground. \ (v. t.) To cause (a body) to move with pressure and friction along a surface, to rub the hand over the body. \ (v. t.) To spread a substance thinly over; to smear. \ (v. t.) To scour; to burnish; to polish; to brighten; to cleanse; -- often with up or over, to rub up silver. \ (v. t.) To hinder; to cross; to thwart. \ (v. i.) To move along the surface of a body with pressure; to grate, a wheel rubs against the gatepost. \ (v. i.) To fret, to rub upon a sore. \ (v. i.) To move or pass with difficulty, to rub through woods, as huntsmen; to rub through the world. \ (n.) The act of rubbing; friction. \ (n.) That which rubs; that which tends to hinder or obstruct motion or progress; hindrance; obstruction, an impediment; especially, a difficulty or obstruction hard to overcome; a pinch. \ (n.) Inequality of surface, as of the ground in the game of bowls; unevenness. \ (n.) Something grating to the feelings; sarcasm; joke, a hard rub. \ (n.) Imperfection; failing; fault. \ (n.) A chance. \ (n.) A stone, commonly flat, used to sharpen cutting tools; a whetstone; -- called also rubstone.
insert delay v. to decide to do something at a later time; to postpone; to cause to be late \ (v.) A putting off or deferring; procrastination; lingering inactivity; stop; detention; hindrance. \ (n.) To put off; to defer; to procrastinate; to prolong the time of or before. \ (n.) To retard; to stop, detain, or hinder, for a time; to retard the motion, or time of arrival, of; as, the mail is delayed by a heavy fall of snow. \ (n.) To allay; to temper. \ (v. i.) To move slowly; to stop for a time; to linger; to tarry.
insert meet v. to come together with someone or something at the same time and place \ (v. t.) To join, or come in contact with; esp., to come in contact with by approach from an opposite direction; to come upon or against, front to front, as distinguished from contact by following and overtaking. \ (v. t.) To come in collision with; to confront in conflict; to encounter hostilely; as, they met the enemy and defeated them; the ship met opposing winds and currents. \ (v. t.) To come into the presence of without contact; to come close to; to intercept; to come within the perception, influence, or recognition of, to meet a train at a junction; to meet carriages or persons in the street; to meet friends at a party; sweet sounds met the ear. \ (v. t.) To perceive; to come to a knowledge of; to have personal acquaintance with; to experience; to suffer, the eye met a horrid sight; he met his fate. \ (v. t.) To come up to; to be even with; to equal; to match; to satisfy; to ansver, to meet one's expectations; the supply meets the demand. \ (v. t.) To come together by mutual approach, to come in contact, or into proximity, by approach from opposite directions; to join; to come face to face; to come in close relationship, we met in the street; two lines meet so as to form an angle. \ (v. t.) To come together with hostile purpose; to have an encounter or conflict. \ (v. t.) To assemble together; to congregate, Congress meets on the first Monday of December. \ (v. t.) To come together by mutual concessions; hence, to agree; to harmonize; to unite. \ (n.) An assembling together, the assembling of huntsmen for the hunt; also, the persons who so assemble, and the place of meeting. \ (a.) Suitable; fit; proper; appropriate; qualified; convenient. \ (adv.) Meetly.
insert ourselves (pl. ) of Myself \ (pron.) ; sing. Ourself (/). An emphasized form of the pronoun of the first person plural; -- used as a subject, usually with we; also, alone in the predicate, in the nominative or the objective case.
insert population n. all the people in a place, city or country \ (n.) The act or process of populating; multiplication of inhabitants. \ (n.) The whole number of people, or inhabitants, in a country, or portion of a country; as, a population of ten millions.
insert pattern (n.) Anything proposed for imitation; an archetype; an exemplar; that which is to be, or is worthy to be, copied or imitated; as, a pattern of a machine. \ (n.) A part showing the figure or quality of the whole; a specimen; a sample; an example; an instance. \ (n.) Stuff sufficient for a garment, a dress pattern. \ (n.) Figure or style of decoration; design, wall paper of a beautiful pattern. \ (n.) Something made after a model; a copy. \ (n.) Anything cut or formed to serve as a guide to cutting or forming objects, a dressmaker's pattern. \ (n.) A full-sized model around which a mold of sand is made, to receive the melted metal. It is usually made of wood and in several parts, so as to be removed from the mold without injuring it. \ (v. t.) To make or design (anything) by, from, or after, something that serves as a pattern; to copy; to model; to imitate. \ (v. t.) To serve as an example for; also, to parallel. \ (n.) A diagram showing the distribution of the pellets of a shotgun on a vertical target perpendicular to the plane of fire.
insert sense v. to come to know about by feeling, believing or understanding; n. any of the abilities to see, hear, taste, smell or feel \ (v. t.) A faculty, possessed by animals, of perceiving external objects by means of impressions made upon certain organs (sensory or sense organs) of the body, or of perceiving changes in the condition of the body; as, the senses of sight, smell, hearing, and touch. See Muscular sense, under Muscular, and Temperature sense, under Temperature. \ (v. t.) Perception by the sensory organs of the body; sensation; sensibility; feeling. \ (v. t.) Perception through the intellect; apprehension; recognition; understanding; discernment; appreciation. \ (v. t.) Sound perception and reasoning; correct judgment; good mental capacity; also, that which is sound, true, or reasonable; rational meaning. \ (v. t.) That which is felt or is held as a sentiment, view, or opinion; judgment; notion; opinion. \ (v. t.) Meaning; import; signification, the true sense of words or phrases; the sense of a remark. \ (v. t.) Moral perception or appreciation. \ (v. t.) One of two opposite directions in which a line, surface, or volume, may be supposed to be described by the motion of a point, line, or surface. \ (v. t.) To perceive by the senses; to recognize.
insert question v. to ask; to express wonder or disbelief; n. a sentence or word used in asking for information; a problem; an issue to be discussed \ (n.) The act of asking; interrogation; inquiry; as, to examine by question and answer. \ (n.) Discussion; debate; hence, objection; dispute; doubt, the story is true beyond question; he obeyed without question. \ (n.) Examination with reference to a decisive result; investigation; specifically, a judicial or official investigation; also, examination under torture. \ (n.) That which is asked; interrogatory; query. \ (n.) Hence, a subject of investigation, examination, or debate; theme of inquiry; matter to be inquired into, a delicate or doubtful question. \ (n.) Talk; conversation; speech; speech. \ (n.) To ask questions; to inquire. \ (n.) To argue; to converse; to dispute. \ (v. t.) To inquire of by asking questions; to examine by interrogatories, to question a witness. \ (v. t.) To doubt of; to be uncertain of; to query. \ (v. t.) To raise a question about; to call in question; to make objection to. \ (v. t.) To talk to; to converse with.
insert poet (n.) One skilled in making poetry; one who has a particular genius for metrical composition; the author of a poem; an imaginative thinker or writer.
insert phrase (n.) A brief expression, sometimes a single word, but usually two or more words forming an expression by themselves, or being a portion of a sentence; as, an adverbial phrase. \ (n.) A short, pithy expression; especially, one which is often employed; a peculiar or idiomatic turn of speech, to err is human. \ (n.) A mode or form of speech; the manner or style in which any one expreses himself; diction; expression. \ (n.) A short clause or portion of a period. \ (v. t.) To express in words, or in peculiar words; to call; to style. \ (v. i.) To use proper or fine phrases. \ (v. i.) To group notes into phrases, he phrases well. See Phrase, n., 4.
insert flood v. to cover with water; n. the movement of water out of a river, lake or ocean onto land \ (v. i.) A great flow of water; a body of moving water; the flowing stream, as of a river; especially, a body of water, rising, swelling, and overflowing land not usually thus covered; a deluge; a freshet; an inundation. \ (v. i.) The flowing in of the tide; the semidiurnal swell or rise of water in the ocean; -- opposed to ebb; as, young flood; high flood. \ (v. i.) A great flow or stream of any fluid substance, a flood of light; a flood of lava; hence, a great quantity widely diffused; an overflowing; a superabundance, a flood of bank notes; a flood of paper currency. \ (v. i.) Menstrual disharge; menses. \ (v. t.) To overflow; to inundate; to deluge, the swollen river flooded the valley. \ (v. t.) To cause or permit to be inundated; to fill or cover with water or other fluid, to flood arable land for irrigation; to fill to excess or to its full capacity, to flood a country with a depreciated currency.
insert stay v. to continue to be where one is; to remain; to not leave; to live for a time ("They stayed in New York for two years.") \ (n.) A large, strong rope, employed to support a mast, by being extended from the head of one mast down to some other, or to some part of the vessel. Those which lead forward are called fore-and-aft stays; those which lead to the vessel's side are called backstays. See Illust. of Ship. \ (v. i.) To stop from motion or falling; to prop; to fix firmly; to hold up; to support. \ (v. i.) To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time. \ (v. i.) To bear up under; to endure; to support; to resist successfully. \ (v. i.) To hold from proceeding; to withhold; to restrain; to stop; to hold. \ (v. i.) To hinde/; to delay; to detain; to keep back. \ (v. i.) To remain for the purpose of; to wait for. \ (v. i.) To cause to cease; to put an end to. \ (v. i.) To fasten or secure with stays; as, to stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler. \ (v. i.) To tack, as a vessel, so that the other side of the vessel shall be presented to the wind. \ (v. i.) To remain; to continue in a place; to abide fixed for a space of time; to stand still. \ (v. i.) To continue in a state. \ (v. i.) To wait; to attend; to forbear to act. \ (v. i.) To dwell; to tarry; to linger. \ (v. i.) To rest; to depend; to rely; to stand; to insist. \ (v. i.) To come to an end; to cease, that day the storm stayed. \ (v. i.) To hold out in a race or other contest, a horse stays well. \ (v. i.) To change tack; as a ship. \ (n.) That which serves as a prop; a support. \ (n.) A corset stiffened with whalebone or other material, worn by women, and rarely by men. \ (n.) Continuance in a place; abode for a space of time; sojourn, you make a short stay in this city. \ (n.) Cessation of motion or progression; stand; stop. \ (n.) Hindrance; let; check. \ (n.) Restraint of passion; moderation; caution; steadiness; sobriety. \ (n.) Strictly, a part in tension to hold the parts together, or stiffen them.
insert kitchen (n.) A cookroom; the room of a house appropriated to cookery. \ (n.) A utensil for roasting meat; as, a tin kitchen. \ (v. t.) To furnish food to; to entertain with the fare of the kitchen.
insert April (n.) The fourth month of the year. \ (n.) Fig.: With reference to April being the month in which vegetation begins to put forth, the variableness of its weather, etc.
insert address (v.) To aim; to direct. \ (v.) To prepare or make ready. \ (v.) Reflexively: To prepare one's self; to apply one's skill or energies (to some object); to betake. \ (v.) To clothe or array; to dress. \ (v.) To direct, as words (to any one or any thing); to make, as a speech, petition, etc. (to any one, an audience). \ (v.) To direct speech to; to make a communication to, whether spoken or written; to apply to by words, as by a speech, etc., to speak to; to accost. \ (v.) To direct in writing, as a letter; to superscribe, or to direct and transmit; as, he addressed a letter. \ (v.) To make suit to as a lover; to court; to woo. \ (v.) To consign or intrust to the care of another, as agent or factor, the ship was addressed to a merchant in Baltimore. \ (v. i.) To prepare one's self. \ (v. i.) To direct speech. \ (v. t.) Act of preparing one's self. \ (v. t.) Act of addressing one's self to a person; verbal application. \ (v. t.) A formal communication, either written or spoken; a discourse; a speech; a formal application to any one; a petition; a formal statement on some subject or special occasion, an address of thanks, an address to the voters. \ (v. t.) Direction or superscription of a letter, or the name, title, and place of residence of the person addressed. \ (v. t.) Manner of speaking to another; delivery, a man of pleasing or insinuating address. \ (v. t.) Attention in the way one's addresses to a lady. \ (v. t.) Skill; skillful management; dexterity; adroitness.
insert five (a.) Four and one added; one more than four. \ (n.) The number next greater than four, and less than six; five units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing this number, as 5, or V.
insert handy (superl.) Performed by the hand. \ (superl.) Skillful in using the hand; dexterous; ready; adroit. \ (superl.) Ready to the hand; near; also, suited to the use of the hand; convenient; valuable for reference or use; as, my tools are handy; a handy volume. \ (superl.) Easily managed; obedient to the helm; -- said of a vessel. \ can easily fix things / He is very handy around the house and is always fixing or building something.
insert action (n.) A process or condition of acting or moving, as opposed to rest; the doing of something; exertion of power or force, as when one body acts on another; the effect of power exerted on one body by another; agency; activity; operation; as, the action of heat; a man of action. \ (n.) An act; a thing done; a deed; an enterprise. (pl.): Habitual deeds; hence, conduct; behavior; demeanor. \ (n.) The event or connected series of events, either real or imaginary, forming the subject of a play, poem, or other composition; the unfolding of the drama of events. \ (n.) Movement, the horse has a spirited action. \ (n.) Effective motion; also, mechanism, the breech action of a gun. \ (n.) Any one of the active processes going on in an organism; the performance of a function, the action of the heart, the muscles, or the gastric juice. \ (n.) Gesticulation; the external deportment of the speaker, or the suiting of his attitude, voice, gestures, and countenance, to the subject, or to the feelings. \ (n.) The attitude or position of the several parts of the body as expressive of the sentiment or passion depicted. \ (n.) A suit or process, by which a demand is made of a right in a court of justice; in a broad sense, a judicial proceeding for the enforcement or protection of a right, the redress or prevention of a wrong, or the punishment of a public offense. \ (n.) A right of action, the law gives an action for every claim. \ (n.) A share in the capital stock of a joint-stock company, or in the public funds, in the plural, equivalent to stocks. \ (n.) An engagement between troops in war, whether on land or water; a battle; a fight, a general action, a partial action. \ (n.) The mechanical contrivance by means of which the impulse of the player's finger is transmitted to the strings of a pianoforte or to the valve of an organ pipe.
insert rival (n.) A person having a common right or privilege with another; a partner. \ (n.) One who is in pursuit of the same object as another; one striving to reach or obtain something which another is attempting to obtain, and which one only can posses; a competitor; as, rivals in love; rivals for a crown. \ (a.) Having the same pretensions or claims; standing in competition for superiority, rival lovers; rival claims or pretensions. \ (v. t.) To stand in competition with; to strive to gain some object in opposition to, to rival one in love. \ (v. t.) To strive to equal or exel; to emulate. \ (v. i.) To be in rivalry.
insert offend (v. t.) To strike against; to attack; to assail. \ (v. t.) To displease; to make angry; to affront. \ (v. t.) To be offensive to; to harm; to pain; to annoy; as, strong light offends the eye; to offend the conscience. \ (v. t.) To transgress; to violate; to sin against. \ (v. t.) To oppose or obstruct in duty; to cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.
insert check (n.) A word of warning denoting that the king is in danger; such a menace of a player's king by an adversary's move as would, if it were any other piece, expose it to immediate capture. A king so menaced is said to be in check, and must be made safe at the next move. \ (n.) A condition of interrupted or impeded progress; arrest; stop; delay; as, to hold an enemy in check. \ (n.) Whatever arrests progress, or limits action; an obstacle, guard, restraint, or rebuff. \ (n.) A mark, certificate, or token, by which, errors may be prevented, or a thing or person may be identified, checks placed against items in an account; a check given for baggage; a return check on a railroad. \ (n.) A written order directing a bank or banker to pay money as therein stated. See Bank check, below. \ (n.) A woven or painted design in squares resembling the patten of a checkerboard; one of the squares of such a design; also, cloth having such a figure. \ (n.) The forsaking by a hawk of its proper game to follow other birds. \ (n.) Small chick or crack. \ (v. t.) To make a move which puts an adversary's piece, esp. his king, in check; to put in check. \ (v. t.) To put a sudden restraint upon; to stop temporarily; to hinder; to repress; to curb. \ (v. t.) To verify, to guard, to make secure, by means of a mark, token, or other check; to distinguish by a check; to put a mark against (an item) after comparing with an original or a counterpart in order to secure accuracy, to check an account; to check baggage. \ (v. t.) To chide, rebuke, or reprove. \ (v. t.) To slack or ease off, as a brace which is too stiffly extended. \ (v. t.) To make checks or chinks in; to cause to crack, the sun checks timber. \ (v. i.) To make a stop; to pause; -- with at. \ (v. i.) To clash or interfere. \ (v. i.) To act as a curb or restraint. \ (v. i.) To crack or gape open, as wood in drying; or to crack in small checks, as varnish, paint, etc. \ (v. i.) To turn, when in pursuit of proper game, and fly after other birds. \ (a.) Checkered; designed in checks.
insert prince (a.) The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex, but now rarely applied to a female. \ (a.) The son of a king or emperor, or the issue of a royal family; as, princes of the blood. \ (a.) A title belonging to persons of high rank, differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes, marquises, and earls, but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family. \ (a.) The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent, a merchant prince; a prince of players. \ (v. i.) To play the prince.
insert industry n. any business that produces goods or provides services; the work and related activity in factories and offices; all organizations involved in manufacturing \ (n.) Habitual diligence in any employment or pursuit, either bodily or mental; steady attention to business; assiduity; -- opposed to sloth and idleness; as, industry pays debts, while idleness or despair will increase them. \ (n.) Any department or branch of art, occupation, or business; especially, one which employs much labor and capital and is a distinct branch of trade, the sugar industry; the iron industry; the cotton industry. \ (n.) Human exertion of any kind employed for the creation of value, and regarded by some as a species of capital or wealth; labor.
insert firm ad. not easily moved or changed ("She is firm in her opinion.") \ (superl.) Fixed; hence, closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as, firm flesh; firm muscles, firm wood. \ (superl.) Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong, a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent. \ (superl.) Solid; -- opposed to fluid, firm land. \ (superl.) Indicating firmness, a firm tread; a firm countenance. \ (a.) The name, title, or style, under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house, the firm of Hope & Co. \ (a.) To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish. \ (a.) To fix or direct with firmness.
insert rush (n.) A name given to many aquatic or marsh-growing endogenous plants with soft, slender stems, as the species of Juncus and Scirpus. \ (n.) The merest trifle; a straw. \ (v. i.) To move forward with impetuosity, violence, and tumultuous rapidity or haste; as, armies rush to battle; waters rush down a precipice. \ (v. i.) To enter into something with undue haste and eagerness, or without due deliberation and preparation, to rush business or speculation. \ (v. t.) To push or urge forward with impetuosity or violence; to hurry forward. \ (v. t.) To recite (a lesson) or pass (an examination) without an error. \ (n.) A moving forward with rapidity and force or eagerness; a violent motion or course, a rush of troops; a rush of winds; a rush of water. \ (n.) Great activity with pressure, a rush of business. \ (n.) A perfect recitation. \ (n.) A rusher, the center rush, whose place is in the center of the rush line; the end rush. \ (n.) The act of running with the ball.
insert finance (n.) The income of a ruler or of a state; revennue; public money; sometimes, the income of an individual; often used in the plural for funds; available money; resources. \ (n.) The science of raising and expending the public revenue. \ (v. t. & i.) To conduct the finances of; to provide for, and manage, the capital for; to financier.
insert rumor (n.) A flying or popular report; the common talk; hence, public fame; notoriety. \ (n.) A current story passing from one person to another, without any known authority for its truth; -- in this sense often personified. \ (n.) A prolonged, indistinct noise. \ (v. t.) To report by rumor; to tell.
insert senior (a.) More advanced than another in age; prior in age; elder; hence, more advanced in dignity, rank, or office; superior; as, senior member; senior counsel. \ (a.) Belonging to the final year of the regular course in American colleges, or in professional schools. \ (n.) A person who is older than another; one more advanced in life. \ (n.) One older in office, or whose entrance upon office was anterior to that of another; one prior in grade. \ (n.) An aged person; an older. \ (n.) One in the fourth or final year of his collegiate course at an American college; -- originally called senior sophister; also, one in the last year of the course at a professional schools or at a seminary.
insert broadcast v. to send information, stories or music by radio or television; n. a radio or television program \ (n.) A casting or throwing seed in all directions, as from the hand in sowing. \ (a.) Cast or dispersed in all directions, as seed from the hand in sowing; widely diffused. \ (a.) Scattering in all directions (as a method of sowing); -- opposed to planting in hills, or rows. \ (adv.) So as to scatter or be scattered in all directions; so as to spread widely, or news from the press.
insert twenty (a.) One more that nineteen; twice; as, twenty men. \ (a.) An indefinite number more or less that twenty. \ (n.) The number next following nineteen; the sum of twelve and eight, or twice ten; twenty units or objects; a score. \ (n.) A symbol representing twenty units, as 20, or xx.
insert penny (a.) Denoting pound weight for one thousand; -- used in combination, with respect to nails; as, tenpenny nails, nails of which one thousand weight ten pounds. \ (n.) An English coin, formerly of copper, now of bronze, the twelfth part of an English shilling in account value, and equal to four farthings, or about two cents; -- usually indicated by the abbreviation d. (the initial of denarius). \ (n.) Any small sum or coin; a groat; a stiver. \ (n.) Money, in general, to turn an honest penny. \ (n.) See Denarius. \ (a.) Worth or costing one penny.
insert belief (n.) Assent to a proposition or affirmation, or the acceptance of a fact, opinion, or assertion as real or true, without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as, belief of a witness; the belief of our senses. \ (n.) A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith. \ (n.) The thing believed; the object of belief. \ (n.) A tenet, or the body of tenets, held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
insert chance n. a possibility of winning or losing or that something will happen \ (n.) A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force, law, or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified. \ (n.) The operation or activity of such agent. \ (n.) The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls, as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty. \ (n.) A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as, a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him. \ (n.) Probability. \ (v. i.) To happen, come, or arrive, without design or expectation. \ (v. t.) To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object. \ (v. t.) To befall; to happen to. \ (a.) Happening by chance; casual. \ (adv.) By chance; perchance.
insert tin (n.) An elementary substance found as an oxide in the mineral cassiterite, and reduced as a soft white crystalline metal, malleable at ordinary temperatures, but brittle when heated. It is not easily oxidized in the air, and is used chiefly to coat iron to protect it from rusting, in the form of tin foil with mercury to form the reflective surface of mirrors, and in solder, bronze, speculum metal, and other alloys. Its compounds are designated as stannous, or stannic. Symbol Sn (Stannum). Atomic weight 117.4. \ (n.) Thin plates of iron covered with tin; tin plate. \ (n.) Money. \ (v. t.) To cover with tin or tinned iron, or to overlay with tin foil.
insert film v. to record something so it can be seen again; to make a motion picture or movie; n. a thin piece of material for making pictures with a camera; a movie \ (n.) A thin skin; a pellicle; a membranous covering, causing opacity; hence, any thin, slight covering. \ (n.) A slender thread, as that of a cobweb. \ (v. t.) To cover with a thin skin or pellicle. \ (n.) The layer, usually of gelatin or collodion, containing the sensitive salts of photographic plates; also, the flexible sheet of celluloid or the like on which this layer is sometimes mounted.
insert lunch (n.) A luncheon; specifically, a light repast between breakfast and dinner. \ (v. i.) To take luncheon.
insert us pro. the form of the word "we" used after a preposition ("He said he would write to us.") or used as an object of a verb ("They saw us yesterday.") \ (pl. ) of I \ (pron.) The persons speaking, regarded as an object; ourselves; -- the objective case of we. See We.
insert comic (a.) Relating to comedy, as distinct from tragedy. \ (a.) Causing mirth; ludicrous. \ (n.) A comedian.
insert careless (a.) Free from care or anxiety. hence, cheerful; light-hearted. \ (a.) Having no care; not taking ordinary or proper care; negligent; unconcerned; heedless; inattentive; unmindful; regardless. \ (a.) Without thought or purpose; without due care; without attention to rule or system; unstudied; inconsiderate; spontaneous; rash; as, a careless throw; a careless expression. \ (a.) Not receiving care; uncared for.
insert sign v. to write one's name; n. a mark or shape used to mean something; evidence that something exists or will happen; a flat piece of material with writing that gives information \ (n.) That by which anything is made known or represented; that which furnishes evidence; a mark; a token; an indication; a proof. \ (n.) A remarkable event, considered by the ancients as indicating the will of some deity; a prodigy; an omen. \ (n.) An event considered by the Jews as indicating the divine will, or as manifesting an interposition of the divine power for some special end; a miracle; a wonder. \ (n.) Something serving to indicate the existence, or preserve the memory, of a thing; a memorial; a monument. \ (n.) Any symbol or emblem which prefigures, typifles, or represents, an idea; a type; hence, sometimes, a picture. \ (n.) A word or a character regarded as the outward manifestation of thought; as, words are the sign of ideas. \ (n.) A motion, an action, or a gesture by which a thought is expressed, or a command or a wish made known. \ (n.) Hence, one of the gestures of pantomime, or of a language of a signs such as those used by the North American Indians, or those used by the deaf and dumb. \ (n.) A military emblem carried on a banner or a standard. \ (n.) A lettered board, or other conspicuous notice, placed upon or before a building, room, shop, or office to advertise the business there transacted, or the name of the person or firm carrying it on; a publicly displayed token or notice. \ (n.) The twelfth part of the ecliptic or zodiac. \ (n.) A character indicating the relation of quantities, or an operation performed upon them, the sign + (plus); the sign -- (minus); the sign of division , and the like. \ (n.) An objective evidence of disease; that is, one appreciable by some one other than the patient. \ (n.) Any character, as a flat, sharp, dot, etc. \ (n.) That which, being external, stands for, or signifies, something internal or spiritual; -- a term used in the Church of England in speaking of an ordinance considered with reference to that which it represents. \ (n.) To represent by a sign; to make known in a typical or emblematic manner, in distinction from speech; to signify. \ (n.) To make a sign upon; to mark with a sign. \ (n.) To affix a signature to; to ratify by hand or seal; to subscribe in one's own handwriting. \ (n.) To assign or convey formally; -- used with away. \ (n.) To mark; to make distinguishable. \ (v. i.) To be a sign or omen. \ (v. i.) To make a sign or signal; to communicate directions or intelligence by signs. \ (v. i.) To write one's name, esp. as a token of assent, responsibility, or obligation.
insert beat v. to hit again and again \ (imp.) of Beat \ (p. p.) of Beat \ (v. t.) To strike repeatedly; to lay repeated blows upon; as, to beat one's breast; to beat iron so as to shape it; to beat grain, in order to force out the seeds; to beat eggs and sugar; to beat a drum. \ (v. t.) To punish by blows; to thrash. \ (v. t.) To scour or range over in hunting, accompanied with the noise made by striking bushes, etc., for the purpose of rousing game. \ (v. t.) To dash against, or strike, as with water or wind. \ (v. t.) To tread, as a path. \ (v. t.) To overcome in a battle, contest, strife, race, game; to vanquish or conquer; to surpass. \ (v. t.) To cheat; to chouse; to swindle; to defraud; -- often with out. \ (v. t.) To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble. \ (v. t.) To give the signal for, by beat of drum; to sound by beat of drum, to beat an alarm, a charge, a parley, a retreat; to beat the general, the reveille, the tattoo. See Alarm, Charge, Parley, etc. \ (v. i.) To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly. \ (v. i.) To move with pulsation or throbbing. \ (v. i.) To come or act with violence; to dash or fall with force; to strike anything, rain, wind, and waves do. \ (v. i.) To be in agitation or doubt. \ (v. i.) To make progress against the wind, by sailing in a zigzag line or traverse. \ (v. i.) To make a sound when struck, the drums beat. \ (v. i.) To make a succession of strokes on a drum, the drummers beat to call soldiers to their quarters. \ (v. i.) To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and less intensity, so as to produce a pulsating effect; -- said of instruments, tones, or vibrations, not perfectly in unison. \ (n.) A stroke; a blow. \ (n.) A recurring stroke; a throb; a pulsation, a beat of the heart; the beat of the pulse. \ (n.) The rise or fall of the hand or foot, marking the divisions of time; a division of the measure so marked. In the rhythm of music the beat is the unit. \ (n.) A transient grace note, struck immediately before the one it is intended to ornament. \ (n.) A sudden swelling or reenforcement of a sound, recurring at regular intervals, and produced by the interference of sound waves of slightly different periods of vibrations; applied also, by analogy, to other kinds of wave motions; the pulsation or throbbing produced by the vibrating together of two tones not quite in unison. See Beat, v. i., 8. \ (v. i.) A round or course which is frequently gone over, a watchman's beat. \ (v. i.) A place of habitual or frequent resort. \ (v. i.) A cheat or swindler of the lowest grade; -- often emphasized by dead, a dead beat. \ (a.) Weary; tired; fatigued; exhausted. \ (n.) One that beats, or surpasses, another or others, the beat of him. \ (n.) The act of one that beats a person or thing \ (n.) The act of obtaining and publishing a piece of news by a newspaper before its competitors; also, the news itself; a scoop. \ (n.) A smart tap on the adversary's blade.
insert insist (v. i.) To stand or rest; to find support; -- with in, on, or upon. \ (v. i.) To take a stand and refuse to give way; to hold to something firmly or determinedly; to be persistent, urgent, or pressing; to persist in demanding; -- followed by on, upon, or that; as, he insisted on these conditions; he insisted on going at once; he insists that he must have money.
insert guest (n.) A visitor; a person received and entertained in one's house or at one's table; a visitor entertained without pay. \ (v. t.) To receive or entertain hospitably. \ (v. i.) To be, or act the part of, a guest. \ (n.) Any insect that lives in the nest of another without compulsion and usually not as a parasite. \ (n.) An inquiline.
insert effective (a.) Having the power to produce an effect or effects; producing a decided or decisive effect; efficient; serviceable; operative; as, an effective force, remedy, speech; the effective men in a regiment. \ (n.) That which produces a given effect; a cause. \ (n.) One who is capable of active service. \ (n.) Specie or coin, as distinguished from paper currency; -- a term used in many parts of Europe. \ (n.) The serviceable soldiers in a country; an army or any military body, collectively, France's effective.
insert aware (a.) Watchful; vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty. \ (a.) Apprised; informed; cognizant; conscious; as, he was aware of the enemy's designs.
insert green ad. having the color like that made by mixing yellow and blue; having the color like that of growing leaves and grass \ (superl.) Having the color of grass when fresh and growing; resembling that color of the solar spectrum which is between the yellow and the blue; verdant; emerald. \ (superl.) Having a sickly color; wan. \ (superl.) Full of life aud vigor; fresh and vigorous; new; recent; as, a green manhood; a green wound. \ (superl.) Not ripe; immature; not fully grown or ripened, green fruit, corn, vegetables, etc. \ (superl.) Not roasted; half raw. \ (superl.) Immature in age or experience; young; raw; not trained; awkward, green in years or judgment. \ (superl.) Not seasoned; not dry; containing its natural juices, green wood, timber, etc. \ (n.) The color of growing plants; the color of the solar spectrum intermediate between the yellow and the blue. \ (n.) A grassy plain or plat; a piece of ground covered with verdant herbage, the village green. \ (n.) Fresh leaves or branches of trees or other plants; wreaths; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) pl. Leaves and stems of young plants, as spinach, beets, etc., which in their green state are boiled for food. \ (n.) Any substance or pigment of a green color. \ (v. t.) To make green. \ (v. i.) To become or grow green. \ be inexperienced or immature \ inexperienced / He is a little green and doesn't know the job very well.  / He is rather green and doesn't have enough experience to drive the large piece of machinery yet.
insert typewriter (n.) An instrument for writing by means of type, a typewheel, or the like, in which the operator makes use of a sort of keyboard, in order to obtain printed impressions of the characters upon paper. \ (n.) One who uses such an instrument.
insert divide v. to separate into two or more parts \ (v. t.) To part asunder (a whole); to sever into two or more parts or pieces; to sunder; to separate into parts. \ (v. t.) To cause to be separate; to keep apart by a partition, or by an imaginary line or limit; as, a wall divides two houses; a stream divides the towns. \ (v. t.) To make partition of among a number; to apportion, as profits of stock among proprietors; to give in shares; to distribute; to mete out; to share. \ (v. t.) To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance. \ (v. t.) To separate into two parts, in order to ascertain the votes for and against a measure, to divide a legislative house upon a question. \ (v. t.) To subject to arithmetical division. \ (v. t.) To separate into species; -- said of a genus or generic term. \ (v. t.) To mark divisions on; to graduate, to divide a sextant. \ (v. t.) To play or sing in a florid style, or with variations. \ (v. i.) To be separated; to part; to open; to go asunder. \ (v. i.) To cause separation; to disunite. \ (v. i.) To break friendship; to fall out. \ (v. i.) To have a share; to partake. \ (v. i.) To vote, as in the British Parliament, by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies), that is, the ayes dividing from the noes. \ (n.) A dividing ridge of land between the tributaries of two streams; a watershed.
insert stove n. a heating device used for cooking \ of Stave \ imp. of Stave. \ (n.) A house or room artificially warmed or heated; a forcing house, or hothouse; a drying room; -- formerly, designating an artificially warmed dwelling or room, a parlor, or a bathroom, but now restricted, in this sense, to heated houses or rooms used for horticultural purposes or in the processes of the arts. \ (n.) An apparatus, consisting essentially of a receptacle for fuel, made of iron, brick, stone, or tiles, and variously constructed, in which fire is made or kept for warming a room or a house, or for culinary or other purposes. \ (v. t.) To keep warm, in a house or room, by artificial heat; as, to stove orange trees. \ (v. t.) To heat or dry, as in a stove, to stove feathers.
insert speech n. a talk given to a group of people \ (n.) The faculty of uttering articulate sounds or words; the faculty of expressing thoughts by words or articulate sounds; the power of speaking. \ (n.) he act of speaking; that which is spoken; words, as expressing ideas; language; conversation. \ (n.) A particular language, as distinct from others; a tongue; a dialect. \ (n.) Talk; mention; common saying. \ (n.) formal discourse in public; oration; harangue. \ (n.) ny declaration of thoughts. \ (v. i. & t.) To make a speech; to harangue.
insert majority n. the greater number; more than half \ (n.) The quality or condition of being major or greater; superiority. \ (n.) The military rank of a major. \ (n.) The condition of being of full age, or authorized by law to manage one's own affairs. \ (n.) The greater number; more than half; as, a majority of mankind; a majority of the votes cast. \ (n.) Ancestors; ancestry. \ (n.) The amount or number by which one aggregate exceeds all other aggregates with which it is contrasted; especially, the number by which the votes for a successful candidate exceed those for all other candidates, he is elected by a majority of five hundred votes. See Plurality.
insert song (n.) That which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice, whether of a human being or of a bird, insect, etc. \ (n.) A lyrical poem adapted to vocal music; a ballad. \ (n.) More generally, any poetical strain; a poem. \ (n.) Poetical composition; poetry; verse. \ (n.) An object of derision; a laughingstock. \ (n.) A trifle.
insert ah (interj.) An exclamation, expressive of surprise, pity, complaint, entreaty, contempt, threatening, delight, triumph, etc., according to the manner of utterance.
insert lap (n.) The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron. \ (n.) An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth. \ (n.) The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered; figuratively, a place of rearing and fostering; as, to be reared in the lap of luxury. \ (n.) That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another, the lap of a board; also, the measure of such extension over or upon another thing. \ (n.) The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap. See Outside lap (below). \ (n.) The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping, the second boat got a lap of half its length on the leader. \ (n.) One circuit around a race track, esp. when the distance is a small fraction of a mile, to run twenty laps; to win by three laps. See Lap, to fold, 2. \ (n.) In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game; -- so called when they are counted in the score of the following game. \ (n.) A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine. \ (n.) A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, and the like, or in polishing cutlery, etc. It is usually in the form of wheel or disk, which revolves on a vertical axis. \ (v. t.) To rest or recline in a lap, or as in a lap. \ (v. t.) To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, cutlery, etc. See 1st Lap, 10. \ (n.) To fold; to bend and lay over or on something, to lap a piece of cloth. \ (n.) To wrap or wind around something. \ (n.) To infold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish. \ (n.) To lay or place over anything so as to partly or wholly cover it, to lap one shingle over another; to lay together one partly over another, to lap weather-boards, to be partly over, or by the side of (something), the hinder boat lapped the foremost one. \ (n.) To lay together one over another, as fleeces or slivers for further working. \ (v. i.) To be turned or folded; to lie partly upon or by the side of something, or of one another, the cloth laps back; the boats lap; the edges lap. \ (v. i.) To take up drink or food with the tongue; to drink or feed by licking up something. \ (v. i.) To make a sound like that produced by taking up drink with the tongue. \ (v. t.) To take into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue. \ (n.) The act of lapping with, or as with, the tongue, to take anything into the mouth with a lap. \ (n.) The sound of lapping.
insert world n. the earth; the people who live on the earth \ (n.) The earth and the surrounding heavens; the creation; the system of created things; existent creation; the universe. \ (n.) Any planet or heavenly body, especially when considered as inhabited, and as the scene of interests analogous with human interests; as, a plurality of worlds. \ (n.) The earth and its inhabitants, with their concerns; the sum of human affairs and interests. \ (n.) In a more restricted sense, that part of the earth and its concerns which is known to any one, or contemplated by any one; a division of the globe, or of its inhabitants; human affairs as seen from a certain position, or from a given point of view; also, state of existence; scene of life and action, the Old World; the New World; the religious world; the Catholic world; the upper world; the future world; the heathen world. \ (n.) The customs, practices, and interests of men; general affairs of life; human society; public affairs and occupations, a knowledge of the world. \ (n.) Individual experience of, or concern with, life; course of life; sum of the affairs which affect the individual, to begin the world with no property; to lose all, and begin the world anew. \ (n.) The inhabitants of the earth; the human race; people in general; the public; mankind. \ (n.) The earth and its affairs as distinguished from heaven; concerns of this life as distinguished from those of the life to come; the present existence and its interests; hence, secular affairs; engrossment or absorption in the affairs of this life; worldly corruption; the ungodly or wicked part of mankind. \ (n.) As an emblem of immensity, a great multitude or quantity; a large number.
insert criminal n. a person who is responsible for a crime \ (a.) Guilty of crime or sin. \ (a.) Involving a crime; of the nature of a crime; -- said of an act or of conduct; as, criminal carelessness. \ (a.) Relating to crime; -- opposed to civil, the criminal code. \ (n.) One who has commited a crime; especially, one who is found guilty by verdict, confession, or proof; a malefactor; a felon.
insert discount (v.) To deduct from an account, debt, charge, and the like; to make an abatement of; as, merchants sometimes discount five or six per cent for prompt payment of bills. \ (v.) To lend money upon, deducting the discount or allowance for interest, the banks discount notes and bills of exchange. \ (v.) To take into consideration beforehand; to anticipate and form conclusions concerning (an event). \ (v.) To leave out of account; to take no notice of. \ (v. i.) To lend, or make a practice of lending, money, abating the discount, the discount for sixty or ninety days. \ (v. t.) A counting off or deduction made from a gross sum on any account whatever; an allowance upon an account, demand, price asked; something taken or deducted. \ (v. t.) A deduction made for interest, in advancing money upon, or purchasing, a bill or note not due; payment in advance of interest upon money. \ (v. t.) The rate of interest charged in discounting.
insert than conj. connecting word used to link things that may be similar, but are not equal ("My sister is taller than I am.") \ (conj.) A particle expressing comparison, used after certain adjectives and adverbs which express comparison or diversity, as more, better, other, otherwise, and the like. It is usually followed by the object compared in the nominative case. Sometimes, however, the object compared is placed in the objective case, and than is then considered by some grammarians as a preposition. Sometimes the object is expressed in a sentence, usually introduced by that; as, I would rather suffer than that you should want. \ (adv.) Then. See Then.
insert leather (n.) The skin of an animal, or some part of such skin, tanned, tawed, or otherwise dressed for use; also, dressed hides, collectively. \ (n.) The skin. \ (v. t.) To beat, as with a thong of leather.
insert right n. what a person legally and morally should be able to do or have ("It is their right to vote."); ad. agreeing with the facts; good; correct; opposite wrong; on the side that is toward the east when one is facing north; opposite left
insert record v. to write something in order to have it for future use; to put sound or pictures in a form that can be kept and heard or seen again; n. a writing that shows proof or facts about something \ (v. t.) To recall to mind; to recollect; to remember; to meditate. \ (v. t.) To repeat; to recite; to sing or play. \ (v. t.) To preserve the memory of, by committing to writing, to printing, to inscription, or the like; to make note of; to write or enter in a book or on parchment, for the purpose of preserving authentic evidence of; to register; to enroll; as, to record the proceedings of a court; to record historical events. \ (v. i.) To reflect; to ponder. \ (v. i.) To sing or repeat a tune. \ (v. t.) A writing by which some act or event, or a number of acts or events, is recorded; a register, a record of the acts of the Hebrew kings; a record of the variations of temperature during a certain time; a family record. \ (v. t.) An official contemporaneous writing by which the acts of some public body, or public officer, are recorded, a record of city ordinances; the records of the receiver of taxes. \ (v. t.) An authentic official copy of a document which has been entered in a book, or deposited in the keeping of some officer designated by law. \ (v. t.) An official contemporaneous memorandum stating the proceedings of a court of justice; a judicial record. \ (v. t.) The various legal papers used in a case, together with memoranda of the proceedings of the court, it is not permissible to allege facts not in the record. \ (v. t.) Testimony; witness; attestation. \ (v. t.) That which serves to perpetuate a knowledge of acts or events; a monument; a memorial. \ (v. t.) That which has been, or might be, recorded; the known facts in the course, progress, or duration of anything, as in the life of a public man, a politician with a good or a bad record. \ (v. t.) That which has been publicly achieved in any kind of competitive sport as recorded in some authoritative manner, as the time made by a winning horse in a race.
insert nut (n.) The fruit of certain trees and shrubs (as of the almond, walnut, hickory, beech, filbert, etc.), consisting of a hard and indehiscent shell inclosing a kernel. \ (n.) A perforated block (usually a small piece of metal), provided with an internal or female screw thread, used on a bolt, or screw, for tightening or holding something, or for transmitting motion. See Illust. of lst Bolt. \ (n.) The tumbler of a gunlock. \ (n.) A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place. \ (v. i.) To gather nuts.
insert ready ad. prepared; completed; organized; willing \ (superl.) Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as, the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey. \ (superl.) Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished. \ (superl.) Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed. \ (superl.) Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert, a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman. \ (superl.) Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy. \ (superl.) On the point; about; on the brink; -- with a following infinitive. \ (superl.) A word of command, or a position, in the manual of arms, at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command, which is, aim. \ (adv.) In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay. \ (n.) Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the, he was well supplied with the ready. \ (v. t.) To dispose in order.
insert issue n. an important problem or subject that people are discussing or arguing about \ (n.) The act of passing or flowing out; a moving out from any inclosed place; egress; as, the issue of water from a pipe, of blood from a wound, of air from a bellows, of people from a house. \ (n.) The act of sending out, or causing to go forth; delivery; issuance, the issue of an order from a commanding officer; the issue of money from a treasury. \ (n.) That which passes, flows, or is sent out; the whole quantity sent forth or emitted at one time, an issue of bank notes; the daily issue of a newspaper. \ (n.) Progeny; a child or children; offspring. In law, sometimes, in a general sense, all persons descended from a common ancestor; all lineal descendants. \ (n.) Produce of the earth, or profits of land, tenements, or other property, A conveyed to B all his right for a term of years, with all the issues, rents, and profits. \ (n.) A discharge of flux, as of blood. \ (n.) An artificial ulcer, usually made in the fleshy part of the arm or leg, to produce the secretion and discharge of pus for the relief of some affected part. \ (n.) The final outcome or result; upshot; conclusion; event; hence, contest; test; trial. \ (n.) A point in debate or controversy on which the parties take affirmative and negative positions; a presentation of alternatives between which to choose or decide. \ (n.) In pleading, a single material point of law or fact depending in the suit, which, being affirmed on the one side and denied on the other, is presented for determination. See General issue, under General, and Feigned issue, under Feigned. \ (v. i.) To pass or flow out; to run out, as from any inclosed place. \ (v. i.) To go out; to rush out; to sally forth, troops issued from the town, and attacked the besiegers. \ (v. i.) To proceed, as from a source, water issues from springs; light issues from the sun. \ (v. i.) To proceed, as progeny; to be derived; to be descended; to spring. \ (v. i.) To extend; to pass or open, the path issues into the highway. \ (v. i.) To be produced as an effect or result; to grow or accrue; to arise; to proceed, rents and profits issuing from land, or a capital stock. \ (v. i.) To close; to end; to terminate; to turn out, we know not how the cause will issue. \ (v. i.) In pleading, to come to a point in fact or law, on which the parties join issue. \ (v. t.) To send out; to put into circulation, to issue notes from a bank. \ (v. t.) To deliver for use, to issue provisions. \ (v. t.) To send out officially; to deliver by authority, to issue an order; to issue a writ.
insert hip (n.) The projecting region of the lateral parts of one side of the pelvis and the hip joint; the haunch; the huckle. \ (n.) The external angle formed by the meeting of two sloping sides or skirts of a roof, which have their wall plates running in different directions. \ (n.) In a bridge truss, the place where an inclined end post meets the top chord. \ (v. t.) To dislocate or sprain the hip of, to fracture or injure the hip bone of (a quadruped) in such a manner as to produce a permanent depression of that side. \ (v. t.) To throw (one's adversary) over one's hip in wrestling (technically called cross buttock). \ (v. t.) To make with a hip or hips, as a roof. \ (n.) The fruit of a rosebush, especially of the English dog-rose (Rosa canina). \ (interj.) Used to excite attention or as a signal; as, hip, hurra! \ (n.) Alt. of Hipps
insert library (n.) A considerable collection of books kept for use, and not as merchandise; as, a private library; a public library. \ (n.) A building or apartment appropriated for holding such a collection of books.
insert when ad. at what time; at any time ("When will she come home?"); conj. during or at the time ("I studied hard when I was in school.") \ (adv.) At what time; -- used interrogatively. \ (adv.) At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just after, the moment that; -- used relatively. \ (adv.) While; whereas; although; -- used in the manner of a conjunction to introduce a dependent adverbial sentence or clause, having a causal, conditional, or adversative relation to the principal proposition; as, he chose to turn highwayman when he might have continued an honest man; he removed the tree when it was the best in the grounds. \ (adv.) Which time; then; -- used elliptically as a noun.
insert merry (superl.) Laughingly gay; overflowing with good humor and good spirits; jovial; inclined to laughter or play ; sportive. \ (superl.) Cheerful; joyous; not sad; happy. \ (superl.) Causing laughter, mirth, gladness, or delight; as, \ (n.) A kind of wild red cherry. / merry jest.
insert ankle (n.) The joint which connects the foot with the leg; the tarsus.
insert plant v. to put into the ground to grow; n. a living growth from the ground which gets its food from air, water and earth \ (n.) A vegetable; an organized living being, generally without feeling and voluntary motion, and having, when complete, a root, stem, and leaves, though consisting sometimes only of a single leafy expansion, or a series of cellules, or even a single cellule. \ (n.) A bush, or young tree; a sapling; hence, a stick or staff. \ (n.) The sole of the foot. \ (n.) The whole machinery and apparatus employed in carrying on a trade or mechanical business; also, sometimes including real estate, and whatever represents investment of capital in the means of carrying on a business, but not including material worked upon or finished products; as, the plant of a foundry, a mill, or a railroad. \ (n.) A plan; an artifice; a swindle; a trick. \ (n.) An oyster which has been bedded, in distinction from one of natural growth. \ (n.) A young oyster suitable for transplanting. \ (n.) To put in the ground and cover, as seed for growth, to plant maize. \ (n.) To set in the ground for growth, as a young tree, or a vegetable with roots. \ (n.) To furnish, or fit out, with plants, to plant a garden, an orchard, or a forest. \ (n.) To engender; to generate; to set the germ of. \ (n.) To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish, to plant a colony. \ (n.) To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of, to plant Christianity among the heathen. \ (n.) To set firmly; to fix; to set and direct, or point, to plant cannon against a fort; to plant a standard in any place; to plant one's feet on solid ground; to plant one's fist in another's face. \ (n.) To set up; to install; to instate. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of planting.
insert build v. to join materials together to make something \ (v. t.) To erect or construct, as an edifice or fabric of any kind; to form by uniting materials into a regular structure; to fabricate; to make; to raise. \ (v. t.) To raise or place on a foundation; to form, establish, or produce by using appropriate means. \ (v. t.) To increase and strengthen; to increase the power and stability of; to settle, or establish, and preserve; -- frequently with up; as, to build up one's constitution. \ (v. i.) To exercise the art, or practice the business, of building. \ (v. i.) To rest or depend, as on a foundation; to ground one's self or one's hopes or opinions upon something deemed reliable; to rely, to build on the opinions or advice of others. \ (n.) Form or mode of construction; general figure; make, the build of a ship.
insert frame (v. t.) To construct by fitting and uniting the several parts of the skeleton of any structure; specifically, in woodwork, to put together by cutting parts of one member to fit parts of another. See Dovetail, Halve, v. t., Miter, Tenon, Tooth, Tusk, Scarf, and Splice. \ (v. t.) To originate; to plan; to devise; to contrive; to compose; in a bad sense, to invent or fabricate, as something false. \ (v. t.) To fit to something else, or for some specific end; to adjust; to regulate; to shape; to conform. \ (v. t.) To cause; to bring about; to produce. \ (v. t.) To support. \ (v. t.) To provide with a frame, as a picture. \ (v. i.) To shape; to arrange, as the organs of speech. \ (v. i.) To proceed; to go. \ (n.) Anything composed of parts fitted and united together; a fabric; a structure; esp., the constructional system, whether of timber or metal, that gives to a building, vessel, etc., its model and strength; the skeleton of a structure. \ (n.) The bodily structure; physical constitution; make or build of a person. \ (n.) A kind of open case or structure made for admitting, inclosing, or supporting things, as that which incloses or contains a window, door, picture; that on which anything is held or stretched \ (n.) The skeleton structure which supports the boiler and machinery of a locomotive upon its wheels. \ (n.) A molding box or flask, which being filled with sand serves as a mold for castings. \ (n.) The ribs and stretchers of an umbrella or other structure with a fabric covering. \ (n.) A structure of four bars, adjustable in size, on which cloth, is stretched for quilting, embroidery, etc. \ (n.) A glazed portable structure for protecting young plants from frost. \ (n.) A stand to support the type cases for use by the compositor. \ (n.) A term applied, especially in England, to certain machines built upon or within framework; as, a stocking frame; lace frame; spinning frame, etc. \ (n.) Form; shape; proportion; scheme; structure; constitution; system, a frameof government. \ (n.) Particular state or disposition, as of the mind; humor; temper; mood, to be always in a happy frame. \ (n.) Contrivance; the act of devising or scheming. \ (n.) In games: (a) In pool, the triangular form used in setting up the balls; also, the balls as set up, or the round of playing required to pocket them all, to play six frames in a game of 50 points. (b) In bowling, as in tenpins, one of the several innings forming a game.
insert animal n. a living creature that moves, such as a dog or cat \ (n.) An organized living being endowed with sensation and the power of voluntary motion, and also characterized by taking its food into an internal cavity or stomach for digestion; by giving carbonic acid to the air and taking oxygen in the process of respiration; and by increasing in motive power or active aggressive force with progress to maturity. \ (n.) One of the lower animals; a brute or beast, as distinguished from man; as, men and animals. \ (a.) Of or relating to animals, animal functions. \ (a.) Pertaining to the merely sentient part of a creature, as distinguished from the intellectual, rational, or spiritual part, the animal passions or appetites. \ (a.) Consisting of the flesh of animals, animal food.
insert bike (n.) A nest of wild bees, wasps, or ants; a swarm.
insert tone (n.) Sound, or the character of a sound, or a sound considered as of this or that character; as, a low, high, loud, grave, acute, sweet, or harsh tone. \ (n.) Accent, or inflection or modulation of the voice, as adapted to express emotion or passion. \ (n.) A whining style of speaking; a kind of mournful or artificial strain of voice; an affected speaking with a measured rhythm ahd a regular rise and fall of the voice, children often read with a tone. \ (n.) A sound considered as to pitch, the seven tones of the octave; she has good high tones. \ (n.) The larger kind of interval between contiguous sounds in the diatonic scale, the smaller being called a semitone as, a whole tone too flat; raise it a tone. \ (n.) The peculiar quality of sound in any voice or instrument, a rich tone, a reedy tone. \ (n.) A mode or tune or plain chant, the Gregorian tones. \ (n.) That state of a body, or of any of its organs or parts, in which the animal functions are healthy and performed with due vigor. \ (n.) Tonicity, arterial tone. \ (n.) State of mind; temper; mood. \ (n.) Tenor; character; spirit; drift, the tone of his remarks was commendatory. \ (n.) General or prevailing character or style, as of morals, manners, or sentiment, in reference to a scale of high and low, a low tone of morals; a tone of elevated sentiment; a courtly tone of manners. \ (n.) The general effect of a picture produced by the combination of light and shade, together with color in the case of a painting; -- commonly used in a favorable sense, this picture has tone. \ (v. t.) To utter with an affected tone. \ (v. t.) To give tone, or a particular tone, to; to tune. See Tune, v. t. \ (v. t.) To bring, as a print, to a certain required shade of color, as by chemical treatment. \ (n.) Quality, with respect to attendant feeling; the more or less variable complex of emotion accompanying and characterizing a sensation or a conceptual state, feeling tone; color tone. \ (n.) Color quality proper; -- called also hue. Also, a gradation of color, either a hue, or a tint or shade. \ (n.) The condition of normal balance of a healthy plant in its relations to light, heat, and moisture.
insert chase v. to run or go after someone or something \ (v. t.) To pursue for the purpose of killing or taking, as an enemy, or game; to hunt. \ (v. t.) To follow as if to catch; to pursue; to compel to move on; to drive by following; to cause to fly; -- often with away or off; as, to chase the hens away. \ (v. t.) To pursue eagerly, as hunters pursue game. \ (v. i.) To give chase; to hunt, to chase around after a doctor. \ (v.) Vehement pursuit for the purpose of killing or capturing, as of an enemy; an earnest seeking after any object greatly desired; the act or habit of hunting; a hunt. \ (v.) That which is pursued or hunted. \ (v.) An open hunting ground to which game resorts, and which is private properly, thus differing from a forest, which is not private property, and from a park, which is inclosed. Sometimes written chace. \ (v.) A division of the floor of a gallery, marked by a figure or otherwise; the spot where a ball falls, and between which and the dedans the adversary must drive his ball in order to gain a point. \ (n.) A rectangular iron frame in which pages or columns of type are imposed. \ (n.) The part of a cannon from the reenforce or the trunnions to the swell of the muzzle. See Cannon. \ (n.) A groove, or channel, as in the face of a wall; a trench, as for the reception of drain tile. \ (n.) A kind of joint by which an overlap joint is changed to a flush joint, by means of a gradually deepening rabbet, as at the ends of clinker-built boats. \ (v. t.) To ornament (a surface of metal) by embossing, cutting away parts, and the like. \ (v. t.) To cut, so as to make a screw thread.
insert speaker (n.) One who speaks. \ (n.) One who utters or pronounces a discourse; usually, one who utters a speech in public; as, the man is a good speaker, or a bad speaker. \ (n.) One who is the mouthpiece of others; especially, one who presides over, or speaks for, a delibrative assembly, preserving order and regulating the debates, the Speaker of the House of Commons, originally, the mouthpiece of the House to address the king; the Speaker of a House of Representatives. \ (n.) A book of selections for declamation.
insert spoon (v. i.) See Spoom. \ (n.) An implement consisting of a small bowl (usually a shallow oval) with a handle, used especially in preparing or eating food. \ (n.) Anything which resembles a spoon in shape; esp. (Fishing), a spoon bait. \ (n.) Fig.: A simpleton; a spooney. \ (v. t.) To take up in, or as in, a spoon. \ (v. i.) To act with demonstrative or foolish fondness, as one in love. \ (n.) A wooden club with a lofted face. \ (v. t.) To catch by fishing with a spoon bait. \ (v. t.) In croquet, golf, etc., to push or shove (a ball) with a lifting motion, instead of striking with an audible knock. \ (v. i.) To fish with a spoon bait. \ (v. i.) In croquet, to spoon a ball.
insert very ad. extremely ("He was very late.") \ (v. t.) True; real; actual; veritable. \ (adv.) In a high degree; to no small extent; exceedingly; excessively; extremely; as, a very great mountain; a very bright sum; a very cold day; the river flows very rapidly; he was very much hurt. \ Alt. of night signals
insert pin (v. t.) To peen. \ (v. t.) To inclose; to confine; to pen; to pound. \ (n.) A piece of wood, metal, etc., generally cylindrical, used for fastening separate articles together, or as a support by which one article may be suspended from another; a peg; a bolt. \ (n.) Especially, a small, pointed and headed piece of brass or other wire (commonly tinned), largely used for fastening clothes, attaching papers, etc. \ (n.) Hence, a thing of small value; a trifle. \ (n.) That which resembles a pin in its form or use \ (n.) A peg in musical instruments, for increasing or relaxing the tension of the strings. \ (n.) A linchpin. \ (n.) A rolling-pin. \ (n.) A clothespin. \ (n.) A short shaft, sometimes forming a bolt, a part of which serves as a journal. \ (n.) The tenon of a dovetail joint. \ (n.) One of a row of pegs in the side of an ancient drinking cup to mark how much each man should drink. \ (n.) The bull's eye, or center, of a target; hence, the center. \ (n.) Mood; humor. \ (n.) Caligo. See Caligo. \ (n.) An ornament, as a brooch or badge, fastened to the clothing by a pin; as, a Masonic pin. \ (n.) The leg, to knock one off his pins. \ (n.) To fasten with, or as with, a pin; to join, to pin a garment; to pin boards together.
insert paradise (n.) The garden of Eden, in which Adam and Eve were placed after their creation. \ (n.) The abode of sanctified souls after death. \ (n.) A place of bliss; a region of supreme felicity or delight; hence, a state of happiness. \ (n.) An open space within a monastery or adjoining a church, as the space within a cloister, the open court before a basilica, etc. \ (n.) A churchyard or cemetery. \ (v. t.) To affect or exalt with visions of felicity; to entrance; to bewitch.
insert pill (n.) The peel or skin. \ (v. i.) To be peeled; to peel off in flakes. \ (v. t.) To deprive of hair; to make bald. \ (v. t.) To peel; to make by removing the skin. \ (v. t. & i.) To rob; to plunder; to pillage; to peel. See Peel, to plunder. \ (n.) A medicine in the form of a little ball, or small round mass, to be swallowed whole. \ (n.) Figuratively, something offensive or nauseous which must be accepted or endured.
insert indeed (adv.) In reality; in truth; in fact; verily; truly; -- used in a variety of sense. Esp.: (a) Denoting emphasis; as, indeed it is so. (b) Denoting concession or admission, indeed, you are right. (c) Denoting surprise, is it you? Its meaning is not intrinsic or fixed, but depends largely on the form of expression which it accompanies.
insert desk (n.) A table, frame, or case, usually with sloping top, but often with flat top, for the use writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath. \ (n.) A reading table or lectern to support the book from which the liturgical service is read, differing from the pulpit from which the sermon is preached; also (esp. in the United States), a pulpit. Hence, used symbolically for "the clerical profession." \ (v. t.) To shut up, as in a desk; to treasure.
insert cigarette (n.) A little cigar; a little fine tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
insert shirt (n.) A loose under-garment for the upper part of the body, made of cotton, linen, or other material; -- formerly used of the under-garment of either sex, now commonly restricted to that worn by men and boys. \ (v. t. & i.) To cover or clothe with a shirt, or as with a shirt.
insert bicycle (n.) A light vehicle having two wheels one behind the other. It has a saddle seat and is propelled by the rider's feet acting on cranks or levers.
insert eager (a.) Sharp; sour; acid. \ (a.) Sharp; keen; bitter; severe. \ (a.) Excited by desire in the pursuit of any object; ardent to pursue, perform, or obtain; keenly desirous; hotly longing; earnest; zealous; impetuous; vehement; as, the hounds were eager in the chase. \ (a.) Brittle; inflexible; not ductile. \ (n.) Same as Eagre.
insert weapon n. anything used to cause injury or to kill during an attack, fight or war \ (n.) An instrument of offensive of defensive combat; something to fight with; anything used, or designed to be used, in destroying, defeating, or injuring an enemy, as a gun, a sword, etc. \ (n.) Fig.: The means or instrument with which one contends against another; as, argument was his only weapon. \ (n.) A thorn, prickle, or sting with which many plants are furnished.
insert might (imp.) of May \ imp. of May. \ (v.) Force or power of any kind, whether of body or mind; energy or intensity of purpose, feeling, or action; means or resources to effect an object; strength; force; power; ability; capacity.
insert introduce (v. t.) To lead or bring in; to conduct or usher in; as, to introduce a person into a drawing-room. \ (v. t.) To put (something into a place); to insert, to introduce the finger, or a probe. \ (v. t.) To lead to and make known by formal announcement or recommendation; hence, to cause to be acquainted, to introduce strangers; to introduce one person to another. \ (v. t.) To bring into notice, practice, cultivation, or use, to introduce a new fashion, method, or plant. \ (v. t.) To produce; to cause to exist; to induce. \ (v. t.) To open to notice; to begin; to present, he introduced the subject with a long preface.
insert invitation (n.) The act of inviting; solicitation; the requesting of a person's company; as, an invitation to a party, to a dinner, or to visit a friend. \ (n.) A document written or printed, or spoken words, /onveying the message by which one is invited. \ (n.) Allurement; enticement.
insert mainly (adv.) Very strongly; mightily; to a great degree. \ (adv.) Principally; chiefly.
insert crowd n. a large number of people gathered in one place \ (v. t.) To push, to press, to shove. \ (v. t.) To press or drive together; to mass together. \ (v. t.) To fill by pressing or thronging together; hence, to encumber by excess of numbers or quantity. \ (v. t.) To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun, to treat discourteously or unreasonably. \ (v. i.) To press together or collect in numbers; to swarm; to throng. \ (v. i.) To urge or press forward; to force one's self; as, a man crowds into a room. \ (v. t.) A number of things collected or closely pressed together; also, a number of things adjacent to each other. \ (v. t.) A number of persons congregated or collected into a close body without order; a throng. \ (v. t.) The lower orders of people; the populace; the vulgar; the rabble; the mob. \ (n.) An ancient instrument of music with six strings; a kind of violin, being the oldest known stringed instrument played with a bow. \ (v. t.) To play on a crowd; to fiddle.
insert half n. one of two equal parts of something \ (a.) Consisting of a moiety, or half; as, a half bushel; a half hour; a half dollar; a half view. \ (a.) Consisting of some indefinite portion resembling a half; approximately a half, whether more or less; partial; imperfect, a half dream; half knowledge. \ (adv.) In an equal part or degree; in some pa/ appro/mating a half; partially; imperfectly, half-colored, half done, half-hearted, half persuaded, half conscious. \ (a.) Part; side; behalf. \ (a.) One of two equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided; -- sometimes followed by of, a half of an apple. \ (v. t.) To halve. [Obs.] See Halve.
insert cure v. to improve health; to make well ("The doctor can cure the disease."); n. something that makes a sick person well ("Antibiotics are a cure for infection.") \ (n.) Care, heed, or attention. \ (n.) Spiritual charge; care of soul; the office of a parish priest or of a curate; hence, that which is committed to the charge of a parish priest or of a curate; a curacy; as, to resign a cure; to obtain a cure. \ (n.) Medical or hygienic care; remedial treatment of disease; a method of medical treatment, to use the water cure. \ (n.) Act of healing or state of being healed; restoration to health from disease, or to soundness after injury. \ (n.) Means of the removal of disease or evil; that which heals; a remedy; a restorative. \ (v. t.) To heal; to restore to health, soundness, or sanity; to make well; -- said of a patient. \ (v. t.) To subdue or remove by remedial means; to remedy; to remove; to heal; -- said of a malady. \ (v. t.) To set free from (something injurious or blameworthy), as from a bad habit. \ (v. t.) To prepare for preservation or permanent keeping; to preserve, as by drying, salting, etc., to cure beef or fish; to cure hay. \ (v. i.) To pay heed; to care; to give attention. \ (v. i.) To restore health; to effect a cure. \ (v. i.) To become healed. \ (n.) A curate; a pardon. \ Treatment of disease by forms of hydrotherapy, as walking barefoot in the morning dew, baths, wet compresses, cold affusions; -- so called from its originator, Sebastian Kneipp (1821-97), a German priest.
insert yacht (n.) A light and elegantly furnished vessel, used either for private parties of pleasure, or as a vessel of state to convey distinguished persons from one place to another; a seagoing vessel used only for pleasure trips, racing, etc. \ (v. i.) To manage a yacht; to voyage in a yacht.
insert domestic (a.) Of or pertaining to one's house or home, or one's household or family; relating to home life; as, domestic concerns, life, duties, cares, happiness, worship, servants. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a nation considered as a family or home, or to one's own country; intestine; not foreign, foreign wars and domestic dissensions. \ (a.) Remaining much at home; devoted to home duties or pleasures, a domestic man or woman. \ (a.) Living in or near the habitations of man; domesticated; tame as distinguished from wild, domestic animals. \ (a.) Made in one's own house, nation, or country, domestic manufactures, wines, etc. \ (n.) One who lives in the family of an other, as hired household assistant; a house servant. \ (n.) Articles of home manufacture, especially cotton goods.
insert plan v. to organize or develop an idea or method of acting or doing something ">("They plan to have a party."); n. an organized or developed idea or method ("The plan will not work.") \ (a.) A draught or form; properly, a representation drawn on a plane, as a map or a chart; especially, a top view, as of a machine, or the representation or delineation of a horizontal section of anything, as of a building; a graphic representation; a diagram. \ (a.) A scheme devised; a method of action or procedure expressed or described in language; a project; as, the plan of a constitution; the plan of an expedition. \ (a.) A method; a way of procedure; a custom. \ (v. t.) To form a delineation of; to draught; to represent, as by a diagram. \ (v. t.) To scheme; to devise; to contrive; to form in design, to plan the conquest of a country.
insert however conj. yet; but \ (adv.) In whetever manner, way, or degree. \ (adv.) At all events; at least; in any case. \ (conj.) Nevertheless; notwithstanding; yet; still; though; as, I shall not oppose your design; I can not, however, approve of it.
insert somehow (adv.) In one way or another; in some way not yet known or designated; by some means; as, the thing must be done somehow; he lives somehow.
insert neat (n. sing. & pl.) Cattle of the genus Bos, as distinguished from horses, sheep, and goats; an animal of the genus Bos; as, a neat's tongue; a neat's foot. \ (n.) Of or pertaining to the genus Bos, or to cattle of that genus, neat cattle. \ (a.) Free from that which soils, defiles, or disorders; clean; cleanly; tidy. \ (a.) Free from what is unbecoming, inappropriate, or tawdry; simple and becoming; pleasing with simplicity; tasteful; chaste, a neat style; a neat dress. \ (a.) Free from admixture or adulteration; good of its kind, neat brandy. \ (a.) Excellent in character, skill, or performance, etc.; nice; finished; adroit, a neat design; a neat thief. \ (a.) With all deductions or allowances made; net. [In this sense usually written net. See Net, a., 3.]
insert mud (n.) Earth and water mixed so as to be soft and adhesive. \ (v. t.) To bury in mud. \ (v. t.) To make muddy or turbid.
insert average n. something (a number) representing the middle; ad. common; normal \ (n.) That service which a tenant owed his lord, to be done by the work beasts of the tenant, as the carriage of wheat, turf, etc. \ (n.) A tariff or duty on goods, etc. \ (n.) Any charge in addition to the regular charge for freight of goods shipped. \ (n.) A contribution to a loss or charge which has been imposed upon one of several for the general benefit; damage done by sea perils. \ (n.) The equitable and proportionate distribution of loss or expense among all interested. \ (n.) A mean proportion, medial sum or quantity, made out of unequal sums or quantities; an arithmetical mean. Thus, if A loses 5 dollars, B 9, and C 16, the sum is 30, and the average 10. \ (n.) Any medial estimate or general statement derived from a comparison of diverse specific cases; a medium or usual size, quantity, quality, rate, etc. \ (n.) In the English corn trade, the medial price of the several kinds of grain in the principal corn markets. \ (a.) Pertaining to an average or mean; medial; containing a mean proportion; of a mean size, ability, etc.; ordinary; usual; as, an average rate of profit; an average amount of rain; the average Englishman; beings of the average stamp. \ (a.) According to the laws of averages, the loss must be made good by average contribution. \ (v. t.) To find the mean of, when sums or quantities are unequal; to reduce to a mean. \ (v. t.) To divide among a number, according to a given proportion, to average a loss. \ (v. t.) To do, accomplish, get, on an average. \ (v. i.) To form, or exist in, a mean or medial sum or quantity; to amount to, or to be, on an average, the losses of the owners will average twenty five dollars each; these spars average ten feet in length.
insert luck n. something that happens by chance \ (n.) That which happens to a person; an event, good or ill, affecting one's interests or happiness, and which is deemed casual; a course or series of such events regarded as occurring by chance; chance; hap; fate; fortune; often, one's habitual or characteristic fortune; as, good, bad, ill, or hard luck. Luck is often used for good luck, luck is better than skill.
insert note v. to talk about something already known; n. a word or words written to help a person remember; a short letter \ (v. t.) To butt; to push with the horns. \ Know not; knows not. \ (n.) Nut. \ (n.) Need; needful business. \ (n.) A mark or token by which a thing may be known; a visible sign; a character; a distinctive mark or feature; a characteristic quality. \ (n.) A mark, or sign, made to call attention, to point out something to notice, or the like; a sign, or token, proving or giving evidence. \ (n.) A brief remark; a marginal comment or explanation; hence, an annotation on a text or author; a comment; a critical, explanatory, or illustrative observation. \ (n.) A brief writing intended to assist the memory; a memorandum; a minute. \ (n.) Hence, a writing intended to be used in speaking; memoranda to assist a speaker, being either a synopsis, or the full text of what is to be said; as, to preach from notes; also, a reporter's memoranda; the original report of a speech or of proceedings. \ (n.) A short informal letter; a billet. \ (n.) A diplomatic missive or written communication. \ (n.) A written or printed paper acknowledging a debt, and promising payment, a promissory note; a note of hand; a negotiable note. \ (n.) A list of items or of charges; an account. \ (n.) A character, variously formed, to indicate the length of a tone, and variously placed upon the staff to indicate its pitch. Hence: \ (n.) A musical sound; a tone; an utterance; a tune. \ (n.) A key of the piano or organ. \ (n.) Observation; notice; heed. \ (n.) Notification; information; intelligence. \ (n.) State of being under observation. \ (n.) Reputation; distinction, a poet of note. \ (n.) Stigma; brand; reproach. \ (n.) To notice with care; to observe; to remark; to heed; to attend to. \ (n.) To record in writing; to make a memorandum of. \ (n.) To charge, as with crime (with of or for before the thing charged); to brand. \ (n.) To denote; to designate. \ (n.) To annotate. \ (n.) To set down in musical characters.
insert six (a.) One more than five; twice three; as, six yards. \ (n.) The number greater by a unit than five; the sum of three and three; six units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing six units, as 6, vi., or VI.
insert screw (n.) A cylinder, or a cylindrical perforation, having a continuous rib, called the thread, winding round it spirally at a constant inclination, so as to leave a continuous spiral groove between one turn and the next, -- used chiefly for producing, when revolved, motion or pressure in the direction of its axis, by the sliding of the threads of the cylinder in the grooves between the threads of the perforation adapted to it, the former being distinguished as the external, or male screw, or, more usually the screw; the latter as the internal, or female screw, more usually, the nut. \ (n.) Specifically, a kind of nail with a spiral thread and a head with a nick to receive the end of the screw-driver. Screws are much used to hold together pieces of wood or to fasten something; -- called also wood screws, and screw nails. See also Screw bolt, below. \ (n.) Anything shaped or acting like a screw; esp., a form of wheel for propelling steam vessels. It is placed at the stern, and furnished with blades having helicoidal surfaces to act against the water in the manner of a screw. See Screw propeller, below. \ (n.) A steam vesel propelled by a screw instead of wheels; a screw steamer; a propeller. \ (n.) An extortioner; a sharp bargainer; a skinflint; a niggard. \ (n.) An instructor who examines with great or unnecessary severity; also, a searching or strict examination of a student by an instructor. \ (n.) A small packet of tobacco. \ (n.) An unsound or worn-out horse, useful as a hack, and commonly of good appearance. \ (n.) A straight line in space with which a definite linear magnitude termed the pitch is associated (cf. 5th Pitch, 10 (b)). It is used to express the displacement of a rigid body, which may always be made to consist of a rotation about an axis combined with a translation parallel to that axis. \ (n.) An amphipod crustacean; as, the skeleton screw (Caprella). See Sand screw, under Sand. \ (v. t.) To turn, as a screw; to apply a screw to; to press, fasten, or make firm, by means of a screw or screws, to screw a lock on a door; to screw a press. \ (v. t.) To force; to squeeze, as by screws. \ (v. t.) Hence: To practice extortion upon; to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions. \ (v. t.) To twist; to distort, to screw his visage. \ (v. t.) To examine rigidly, as a student; to subject to a severe examination. \ (v. i.) To use violent mans in making exactions; to be oppressive or exacting. \ (v. i.) To turn one's self uneasily with a twisting motion, he screws about in his chair.
insert setting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Set \ (n.) The act of one who, or that which, sets; as, the setting of type, or of gems; the setting of the sun; the setting (hardening) of moist plaster of Paris; the setting (set) of a current. \ (n.) The act of marking the position of game, as a setter does; also, hunting with a setter. \ (n.) Something set in, or inserted. \ (n.) That in which something, as a gem, is set, the gold setting of a jeweled pin.
insert drive v. to control a moving vehicle \ (v. t.) To impel or urge onward by force in a direction away from one, or along before one; to push forward; to compel to move on; to communicate motion to; as, to drive cattle; to drive a nail; smoke drives persons from a room. \ (v. t.) To urge on and direct the motions of, as the beasts which draw a vehicle, or the vehicle borne by them; hence, also, to take in a carriage; to convey in a vehicle drawn by beasts, to drive a pair of horses or a stage; to drive a person to his own door. \ (v. t.) To urge, impel, or hurry forward; to force; to constrain; to urge, press, or bring to a point or state, to drive a person by necessity, by persuasion, by force of circumstances, by argument, and the like. \ (v. t.) To carry or; to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute. \ (v. t.) To clear, by forcing away what is contained. \ (v. t.) To dig Horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel. \ (v. t.) To pass away; -- said of time. \ (v. i.) To rush and press with violence; to move furiously. \ (v. i.) To be forced along; to be impelled; to be moved by any physical force or agent; to be driven. \ (v. i.) To go by carriage; to pass in a carriage; to proceed by directing or urging on a vehicle or the animals that draw it, the coachman drove to my door. \ (v. i.) To press forward; to aim, or tend, to a point; to make an effort; to strive; -- usually with at. \ (v. i.) To distrain for rent. \ (p. p.) Driven. \ (n.) The act of driving; a trip or an excursion in a carriage, as for exercise or pleasure; -- distinguished from a ride taken on horseback. \ (n.) A place suitable or agreeable for driving; a road prepared for driving. \ (n.) Violent or rapid motion; a rushing onward or away; esp., a forced or hurried dispatch of business. \ (n.) In type founding and forging, an impression or matrix, formed by a punch drift. \ (n.) A collection of objects that are driven; a mass of logs to be floated down a river. \ (v. i.) To make a drive, or stroke from the tee. \ (v. t.) Specif., in various games, as tennis, baseball, etc., to propel (the ball) swiftly by a direct stroke or forcible throw. \ (n.) In various games, cricket, the act of player who drives the ball; the stroke or blow; the flight of the ball, so driven. \ (n.) A stroke from the tee, generally a full shot made with a driver, the distance covered by such a stroke. \ (n.) An implement used for driving; \ (n.) A mallet. \ (n.) A tamping iron. \ (n.) A cooper's hammer for driving on barrel hoops. \ (n.) A wooden-headed golf club with a long shaft, for playing the longest strokes.
insert wall n. the side of a room or building formed by wood, stone or other material; a structure sometimes used to separate areas of land \ (n.) A kind of knot often used at the end of a rope; a wall knot; a wale. \ (n.) A work or structure of stone, brick, or other materials, raised to some height, and intended for defense or security, solid and permanent inclosing fence, as around a field, a park, a town, etc., also, one of the upright inclosing parts of a building or a room. \ (n.) A defense; a rampart; a means of protection; in the plural, fortifications, in general; works for defense. \ (n.) An inclosing part of a receptacle or vessel; as, the walls of a steam-engine cylinder. \ (n.) The side of a level or drift. \ (n.) The country rock bounding a vein laterally. \ (v. t.) To inclose with a wall, or as with a wall. \ (v. t.) To defend by walls, or as if by walls; to fortify. \ (v. t.) To close or fill with a wall, as a doorway.
insert truck n. a heavy vehicle used to carry goods \ (v. i.) A small wheel, as of a vehicle; specifically (Ord.), a small strong wheel, as of wood or iron, for a gun carriage. \ (v. i.) A low, wheeled vehicle or barrow for carrying goods, stone, and other heavy articles. \ (v. i.) A swiveling carriage, consisting of a frame with one or more pairs of wheels and the necessary boxes, springs, etc., to carry and guide one end of a locomotive or a car; -- sometimes called bogie in England. Trucks usually have four or six wheels. \ (v. i.) A small wooden cap at the summit of a flagstaff or a masthead, having holes in it for reeving halyards through. \ (v. i.) A small piece of wood, usually cylindrical or disk-shaped, used for various purposes. \ (v. i.) A freight car. \ (v. i.) A frame on low wheels or rollers; -- used for various purposes, as for a movable support for heavy bodies. \ (v. t.) To transport on a truck or trucks. \ (v. t.) To exchange; to give in exchange; to barter; as, to truck knives for gold dust. \ (v. i.) To exchange commodities; to trade; to deal. \ (n.) Exchange of commodities; barter. \ (n.) Commodities appropriate for barter, or for small trade; small commodities; esp., in the United States, garden vegetables raised for the market. \ (n.) The practice of paying wages in goods instead of money; -- called also truck system.
insert eighteenth (a.) Next in order after the seventeenth. \ (a.) Consisting of one of eighteen equal parts or divisions of a thing. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by eighteen; one of eighteen equal parts or divisions. \ (n.) The eighth after the tenth.
insert bay (a.) Reddish brown; of the color of a chestnut; -- applied to the color of horses. \ (n.) An inlet of the sea, usually smaller than a gulf, but of the same general character. \ (n.) A small body of water set off from the main body; as a compartment containing water for a wheel; the portion of a canal just outside of the gates of a lock, etc. \ (n.) A recess or indentation shaped like a bay. \ (n.) A principal compartment of the walls, roof, or other part of a building, or of the whole building, as marked off by the buttresses, vaulting, mullions of a window, etc.; one of the main divisions of any structure, as the part of a bridge between two piers. \ (n.) A compartment in a barn, for depositing hay, or grain in the stalks. \ (n.) A kind of mahogany obtained from Campeachy Bay. \ (n.) A berry, particularly of the laurel. \ (n.) The laurel tree (Laurus nobilis). Hence, in the plural, an honorary garland or crown bestowed as a prize for victory or excellence, anciently made or consisting of branches of the laurel. \ (n.) A tract covered with bay trees. \ (v. i.) To bark, as a dog with a deep voice does, at his game. \ (v. t.) To bark at; hence, to follow with barking; to bring or drive to bay; as, to bay the bear. \ (v. i.) Deep-toned, prolonged barking. \ (v. i.) A state of being obliged to face an antagonist or a difficulty, when escape has become impossible. \ (v. t.) To bathe. \ (n.) A bank or dam to keep back water. \ (v. t.) To dam, as water; -- with up or back.
insert essential (a.) Belonging to the essence, or that which makes an object, or class of objects, what it is. \ (a.) Hence, really existing; existent. \ (a.) Important in the highest degree; indispensable to the attainment of an object; indispensably necessary. \ (a.) Containing the essence or characteristic portion of a substance, as of a plant; highly rectified; pure; hence, unmixed; as, an essential oil. \ (a.) Necessary; indispensable; -- said of those tones which constitute a chord, in distinction from ornamental or passing tones. \ (a.) Idiopathic; independent of other diseases.
insert social ad. of or about people or a group \ (a.) Of or pertaining to society; relating to men living in society, or to the public as an aggregate body; as, social interest or concerns; social pleasure; social benefits; social happiness; social duties. \ (a.) Ready or disposed to mix in friendly converse; companionable; sociable, a social person. \ (a.) Consisting in union or mutual intercourse. \ (a.) Naturally growing in groups or masses; -- said of many individual plants of the same species. \ (a.) Living in communities consisting of males, females, and neuters, as do ants and most bees. \ (a.) Forming compound groups or colonies by budding from basal processes or stolons, the social ascidians.
insert easily (adv.) With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as, this task may be easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen. \ (adv.) Without pain, anxiety, or disturbance, to pass life well and easily. \ (adv.) Readily; without reluctance; willingly. \ (adv.) Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without /umult or discord. \ (adv.) Without shaking or jolting; commodiously, a carriage moves easily.
insert million (n.) The number of ten hundred thousand, or a thousand thousand, -- written 1,000, 000. See the Note under Hundred. \ (n.) A very great number; an indefinitely large number. \ (n.) The mass of common people; -- with the article the.
insert notebook (n.) A book in which notes or memorandums are written. \ (n.) A book in which notes of hand are registered.
insert guess (v. t.) To form an opinion concerning, without knowledge or means of knowledge; to judge of at random; to conjecture. \ (v. t.) To judge or form an opinion of, from reasons that seem preponderating, but are not decisive. \ (v. t.) To solve by a correct conjecture; to conjecture rightly; as, he who guesses the riddle shall have the ring; he has guessed my designs. \ (v. t.) To hit upon or reproduce by memory. \ (v. t.) To think; to suppose; to believe; to imagine; -- followed by an objective clause. \ (v. i.) To make a guess or random judgment; to conjecture; -- with at, about, etc. \ (n.) An opinion as to anything, formed without sufficient or decisive evidence or grounds; an attempt to hit upon the truth by a random judgment; a conjecture; a surmise.
insert member n. one of a group \ (v. t.) To remember; to cause to remember; to mention. \ (n.) A part of an animal capable of performing a distinct office; an organ; a limb. \ (n.) Hence, a part of a whole; an independent constituent of a body \ (n.) A part of a discourse or of a period or sentence; a clause; a part of a verse. \ (n.) Either of the two parts of an algebraic equation, connected by the sign of equality. \ (n.) Any essential part, as a post, tie rod, strut, etc., of a framed structure, as a bridge truss. \ (n.) Any part of a building, whether constructional, as a pier, column, lintel, or the like, or decorative, as a molding, or group of moldings. \ (n.) One of the persons composing a society, community; an individual forming part of an association; as, a member of the society of Friends.
insert wet ad. covered with water or other liquid; not dry \ (superl.) Containing, or consisting of, water or other liquid; moist; soaked with a liquid; having water or other liquid upon the surface; as, wet land; a wet cloth; a wet table. \ (superl.) Very damp; rainy, wet weather; a wet season. \ (superl.) Employing, or done by means of, water or some other liquid, the wet extraction of copper, in distinction from dry extraction in which dry heat or fusion is employed. \ (superl.) Refreshed with liquor; drunk. \ (a.) Water or wetness; moisture or humidity in considerable degree. \ (a.) Rainy weather; foggy or misty weather. \ (a.) A dram; a drink. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Wet \ (v. t.) To fill or moisten with water or other liquid; to sprinkle; to cause to have water or other fluid adherent to the surface; to dip or soak in a liquid, to wet a sponge; to wet the hands; to wet cloth.
insert fail v. to not succeed; to not reach a goal \ (v. i.) To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner, or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as, streams fail; crops fail. \ (v. i.) To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of. \ (v. i.) To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink. \ (v. i.) To deteriorate in respect to vigor, activity, resources, etc.; to become weaker, a sick man fails. \ (v. i.) To perish; to die; -- used of a person. \ (v. i.) To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed, a result to be secured; to miss; not to fulfill expectation. \ (v. i.) To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated. \ (v. i.) To err in judgment; to be mistaken. \ (v. i.) To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially, to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent. \ (v. t.) To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert. \ (v. t.) To miss of attaining; to lose. \ (v. i.) Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing, except in the phrase without fail. \ (v. i.) Death; decease.
insert neck (n.) The part of an animal which connects the head and the trunk, and which, in man and many other animals, is more slender than the trunk. \ (n.) Any part of an inanimate object corresponding to or resembling the neck of an animal \ (n.) The long slender part of a vessel, as a retort, or of a fruit, as a gourd. \ (n.) A long narrow tract of land projecting from the main body, or a narrow tract connecting two larger tracts. \ (n.) That part of a violin, guitar, or similar instrument, which extends from the head to the body, and on which is the finger board or fret board. \ (n.) A reduction in size near the end of an object, formed by a groove around it; as, a neck forming the journal of a shaft. \ (n.) the point where the base of the stem of a plant arises from the root. \ (v. t.) To reduce the diameter of (an object) near its end, by making a groove around it; -- used with down, to neck down a shaft. \ (v. t. & i.) To kiss and caress amorously.
insert sensitive (a.) Having sense of feeling; possessing or exhibiting the capacity of receiving impressions from external objects; as, a sensitive soul. \ (a.) Having quick and acute sensibility, either to the action of external objects, or to impressions upon the mind and feelings; highly susceptible; easily and acutely affected. \ (a.) Having a capacity of being easily affected or moved, a sensitive thermometer; sensitive scales. \ (a.) Readily affected or changed by certain appropriate agents, silver chloride or bromide, when in contact with certain organic substances, is extremely sensitive to actinic rays. \ (a.) Serving to affect the sense; sensible. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to sensation; depending on sensation, sensitive motions; sensitive muscular motions excited by irritation.
insert meeting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Meet \ (n.) A coming together; an assembling; as, the meeting of Congress. \ (n.) A junction, crossing, or union, the meeting of the roads or of two rivers. \ (n.) A congregation; a collection of people; a convention, a large meeting; an harmonius meeting. \ (n.) An assembly for worship, to attend meeting on Sunday; -- in England, applied distinctively and disparagingly to the worshiping assemblies of Dissenters.
insert signature (v. t.) A sign, stamp, or mark impressed, as by a seal. \ (v. t.) Especially, the name of any person, written with his own hand, employed to signify that the writing which precedes accords with his wishes or intentions; a sign manual; an autograph. \ (v. t.) An outward mark by which internal characteristics were supposed to be indicated. \ (v. t.) A resemblance between the external characters of a disease and those of some physical agent, for instance, that existing between the red skin of scarlet fever and a red cloth; -- supposed to indicate this agent in the treatment of the disease. \ (v. t.) The designation of the key (when not C major, or its relative, A minor) by means of one or more sharps or flats at the beginning of the staff, immediately after the clef, affecting all notes of the same letter throughout the piece or movement. Each minor key has the same signature as its relative major. \ (v. t.) A letter or figure placed at the bottom of the first page of each sheet of a book or pamphlet, as a direction to the binder in arranging and folding the sheets. \ (v. t.) The printed sheet so marked, or the form from which it is printed; as, to reprint one or more signatures. \ (v. t.) That part of a prescription which contains the directions to the patient. It is usually prefaced by S or Sig. (an abbreviation for the Latin signa, imperative of signare to sign or mark). \ (v. t.) To mark with, or as with, a signature or signatures.
insert including (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Include
insert today n. this day
insert should v. used with another verb (action word) to show responsibility ("We should study."), probability ("The talks should begin soon."), or that something is believed to be a good idea ("Criminals should be punished.") \ (imp.) of Shall \ (imp.) Used as an auxiliary verb, to express a conditional or contingent act or state, or as a supposition of an actual fact; also, to express moral obligation (see Shall); e. g.: they should have come last week; if I should go; I should think you could go.
insert foundation (n.) The act of founding, fixing, establishing, or beginning to erect. \ (n.) That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands, and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; groundwork; basis. \ (n.) The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall, including the base course (see Base course (a), under Base, n.) and footing courses; in a frame house, the whole substructure of masonry. \ (n.) A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution, and constituting a permanent fund; endowment. \ (n.) That which is founded, or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.
insert nor (conj.) A negative connective or particle, introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition, following neither, or not, in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither, and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
insert fit v. to be of the correct size or shape ("These shoes fit my feet.") \ imp. & p. p. of Fight. \ (n.) In Old English, a song; a strain; a canto or portion of a ballad; a passus. \ (superl.) Adapted to an end, object, or design; suitable by nature or by art; suited by character, qualitties, circumstances, education, etc.; qualified; competent; worthy. \ (superl.) Prepared; ready. \ (superl.) Conformed to a standart of duty, properiety, or taste; convenient; meet; becoming; proper. \ (v. t.) To make fit or suitable; to adapt to the purpose intended; to qualify; to put into a condition of readiness or preparation. \ (v. t.) To bring to a required form and size; to shape aright; to adapt to a model; to adjust; -- said especially of the work of a carpenter, machinist, tailor, etc. \ (v. t.) To supply with something that is suitable or fit, or that is shaped and adjusted to the use required. \ (v. t.) To be suitable to; to answer the requirements of; to be correctly shaped and adjusted to; as, if the coat fits you, put it on. \ (v. i.) To be proper or becoming. \ (v. i.) To be adjusted to a particular shape or size; to suit; to be adapted, his coat fits very well. \ (n.) The quality of being fit; adjustment; adaptedness; as of dress to the person of the wearer. \ (n.) The coincidence of parts that come in contact. \ (n.) The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly. \ (n.) A stroke or blow. \ (n.) A sudden and violent attack of a disorder; a stroke of disease, as of epilepsy or apoplexy, which produces convulsions or unconsciousness; a convulsion; a paroxysm; hence, a period of exacerbation of a disease; in general, an attack of disease, a fit of sickness. \ (n.) A mood of any kind which masters or possesses one for a time; a temporary, absorbing affection, a fit melancholy, of passion, or of laughter. \ (n.) A passing humor; a caprice; a sudden and unusual effort, activity, or motion, followed by relaxation or insction; an impulse and irregular action. \ (n.) A darting point; a sudden emission.
insert energy n. power used to do work, usually with machines; the ability and willingness to be active \ (n.) Internal or inherent power; capacity of acting, operating, or producing an effect, whether exerted or not; as, men possessing energies may suffer them to lie inactive. \ (n.) Power efficiently and forcibly exerted; vigorous or effectual operation, the energy of a magistrate. \ (n.) Strength of expression; force of utterance; power to impress the mind and arouse the feelings; life; spirit; -- said of speech, language, words, style, a style full of energy. \ (n.) Capacity for performing work.
insert only ad. being the single one or ones; no more than ("We have only two dollars.") \ (a.) One alone; single; as, the only man present; his only occupation. \ (a.) Alone in its class; by itself; not associated with others of the same class or kind, an only child. \ (a.) Hence, figuratively: Alone, by reason of superiority; preeminent; chief. \ (a.) In one manner or degree; for one purpose alone; simply; merely; barely. \ (a.) So and no otherwise; no other than; exclusively; solely; wholly. \ (a.) Singly; without more, only-begotten. \ (a.) Above all others; particularly. \ (conj.) Save or except (that); -- an adversative used elliptically with or without that, and properly introducing a single fact or consideration.
insert sad ad. not happy \ (supperl.) Sated; satisfied; weary; tired. \ (supperl.) Heavy; weighty; ponderous; close; hard. \ (supperl.) Dull; grave; dark; somber; -- said of colors. \ (supperl.) Serious; sober; steadfast; not light or frivolous. \ (supperl.) Affected with grief or unhappiness; cast down with affliction; downcast; gloomy; mournful. \ (supperl.) Afflictive; calamitous; causing sorrow; as, a sad accident; a sad misfortune. \ (supperl.) Hence, bad; naughty; troublesome; wicked. \ (v. t.) To make sorrowful; to sadden.
insert stadium (n.) A Greek measure of length, being the chief one used for itinerary distances, also adopted by the Romans for nautical and astronomical measurements. It was equal to 600 Greek or 625 Roman feet, or 125 Roman paces, or to 606 feet 9 inches English. This was also called the Olympic stadium, as being the exact length of the foot-race course at Olympia. \ (n.) Hence, a race course; especially, the Olympic course for foot races. \ (n.) A kind of telemeter for measuring the distance of an object of known dimensions, by observing the angle it subtends; especially (Surveying), a graduated rod used to measure the distance of the place where it stands from an instrument having a telescope, by observing the number of the graduations of the rod that are seen between certain parallel wires (stadia wires) in the field of view of the telescope; -- also called stadia, and stadia rod. \ (n.) A modern structure, with its inclosure, resembling the ancient stadium, used for athletic games, etc.
insert fireplace (n.) The part a chimney appropriated to the fire; a hearth; -- usually an open recess in a wall, in which a fire may be built.
insert horn (n.) A hard, projecting, and usually pointed organ, growing upon the heads of certain animals, esp. of the ruminants, as cattle, goats, and the like. The hollow horns of the Ox family consist externally of true horn, and are never shed. \ (n.) The antler of a deer, which is of bone throughout, and annually shed and renewed. \ (n.) Any natural projection or excrescence from an animal, resembling or thought to resemble a horn in substance or form; esp.: (a) A projection from the beak of a bird, as in the hornbill. (b) A tuft of feathers on the head of a bird, as in the horned owl. (c) A hornlike projection from the head or thorax of an insect, or the head of a reptile, or fish. (d) A sharp spine in front of the fins of a fish, as in the horned pout. \ (n.) An incurved, tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias). \ (n.) Something made of a horn, or in resemblance of a horn \ (n.) A wind instrument of music; originally, one made of a horn (of an ox or a ram); now applied to various elaborately wrought instruments of brass or other metal, resembling a horn in shape. \ (n.) A drinking cup, or beaker, as having been originally made of the horns of cattle. \ (n.) The cornucopia, or horn of plenty. \ (n.) A vessel made of a horn; esp., one designed for containing powder; anciently, a small vessel for carrying liquids. \ (n.) The pointed beak of an anvil. \ (n.) The high pommel of a saddle; also, either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg. \ (n.) The Ionic volute. \ (n.) The outer end of a crosstree, one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff, boom, etc. \ (n.) A curved projection on the fore part of a plane. \ (n.) One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering. \ (n.) One of the curved ends of a crescent, an extremity or cusp of the moon when crescent-shaped. \ (n.) The curving extremity of the wing of an army or of a squadron drawn up in a crescentlike form. \ (n.) The tough, fibrous material of which true horns are composed, being, in the Ox family, chiefly albuminous, with some phosphate of lime, any similar substance, as that which forms the hoof crust of horses, sheep, and cattle; as, a spoon of horn. \ (n.) A symbol of strength, power, glory, exaltation, or pride. \ (n.) An emblem of a cuckold; -- used chiefly in the plural. \ (v. t.) To furnish with horns; to give the shape of a horn to. \ (v. t.) To cause to wear horns; to cuckold.
insert every ad. each one; all \ (a. & a. pron.) All the parts which compose a whole collection or aggregate number, considered in their individuality, all taken separately one by one, out of an indefinite bumber. \ (a. & a. pron.) Every one. Cf.
insert pat (v. t.) To strike gently with the fingers or hand; to stroke lightly; to tap; as, to pat a dog. \ (n.) A light, quik blow or stroke with the fingers or hand; a tap. \ (n.) A small mass, as of butter, shaped by pats. \ (a.) Exactly suitable; fit; convenient; timely. \ (adv.) In a pat manner.
insert demand v. to ask by ordering; to ask with force \ (v. t.) To ask or call for with authority; to claim or seek from, as by authority or right; to claim, as something due; to call for urgently or peremptorily; as, to demand a debt; to demand obedience. \ (v. t.) To inquire authoritatively or earnestly; to ask, esp. in a peremptory manner; to question. \ (v. t.) To require as necessary or useful; to be in urgent need of; hence, to call for, the case demands care. \ (v. t.) To call into court; to summon. \ (v. i.) To make a demand; to inquire. \ (v. t.) The act of demanding; an asking with authority; a peremptory urging of a claim; a claiming or challenging as due; requisition, the demand of a creditor; a note payable on demand. \ (v. t.) Earnest inquiry; question; query. \ (v. t.) A diligent seeking or search; manifested want; desire to possess; request, a demand for certain goods; a person's company is in great demand. \ (v. t.) That which one demands or has a right to demand; thing claimed as due; claim, demands on an estate. \ (v. t.) The asking or seeking for what is due or claimed as due. \ (v. t.) The right or title in virtue of which anything may be claimed, to hold a demand against a person. \ (v. t.) A thing or amount claimed to be due.
insert your (pron. & a.) The form of the possessive case of the personal pronoun you.
insert apart (adv.) Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside. \ (adv.) In a state of separation, of exclusion, or of distinction, as to purpose, use, or character, or as a matter of thought; separately; independently; as, consider the two propositions apart. \ (adv.) Aside; away. \ (adv.) In two or more parts; asunder; to piece, to take a piece of machinery apart.
insert jar (n.) A turn. [Only in phrase.] \ (n.) A deep, broad-mouthed vessel of earthenware or glass, for holding fruit, preserves, etc., or for ornamental purposes; as, a jar of honey; a rose jar. \ (n.) The measure of what is contained in a jar, a jar of oil; a jar of preserves. \ (v. i.) To give forth a rudely quivering or tremulous sound; to sound harshly or discordantly, the notes jarred on my ears. \ (v. i.) To act in opposition or disagreement; to clash; to interfere; to quarrel; to dispute. \ (v. t.) To cause a short, tremulous motion of, to cause to tremble, as by a sudden shock or blow; to shake; to shock, to jar the earth; to jar one's faith. \ (v. t.) To tick; to beat; to mark or tell off. \ (n.) A rattling, tremulous vibration or shock; a shake; a harsh sound; a discord, the jar of a train; the jar of harsh sounds. \ (n.) Clash of interest or opinions; collision; discord; debate; slight disagreement. \ (n.) A regular vibration, as of a pendulum. \ (n.) In deep well boring, a device resembling two long chain links, for connecting a percussion drill to the rod or rope which works it, so that the drill is driven down by impact and is jerked loose when jammed.
insert their (pron. & a.) The possessive case of the personal pronoun they; as, their houses; their country.
insert pajamas (n. pl.) Originally, in India, loose drawers or trousers, such as those worn, tied about the waist, by Mohammedan men and women; by extension, a similar garment adopted among Europeans, Americans, etc., for wear in the dressing room and during sleep; also, a suit consisting of drawers and a loose upper garment for such wear. \ (n. pl.) A garment, similar to the Oriental pyjama (which see), adopted among Europeans, and other Occidentals, a suit of drawers and blouse for such wear.
insert Miss (n.) A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a girl or a woman who has not been married. See Mistress, 5. \ (n.) A young unmarried woman or a girl; as, she is a miss of sixteen. \ (n.) A kept mistress. See Mistress, 4. \ (n.) In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player. \ (v. t.) To fail of hitting, reaching, getting, finding, seeing, hearing, etc., to miss the mark one shoots at; to miss the train by being late; to miss opportunites of getting knowledge; to miss the point or meaning of something said. \ (v. t.) To omit; to fail to have or to do; to get without; to dispense with; -- now seldom applied to persons. \ (v. t.) To discover the absence or omission of; to feel the want of; to mourn the loss of; to want. \ (v. i.) To fail to hit; to fly wide; to deviate from the true direction. \ (v. i.) To fail to obtain, learn, or find; -- with of. \ (v. i.) To go wrong; to err. \ (v. i.) To be absent, deficient, or wanting. \ (n.) The act of missing; failure to hit, reach, find, obtain, etc. \ (n.) Loss; want; felt absence. \ (n.) Mistake; error; fault. \ (n.) Harm from mistake.
insert relax (n.) To make lax or loose; to make less close, firm, rigid, tense, or the like; to slacken; to loosen; to open; as, to relax a rope or cord; to relax the muscles or sinews. \ (n.) To make less severe or rigorous; to abate the stringency of; to remit in respect to strenuousness, earnestness, or effort, to relax discipline; to relax one's attention or endeavors. \ (n.) Hence, to relieve from attention or effort; to ease; to recreate; to divert, amusement relaxes the mind. \ (n.) To relieve from constipation, an aperient relaxes the bowels. \ (v. i.) To become lax, weak, or loose, to let one's grasp relax. \ (v. i.) To abate in severity; to become less rigorous. \ (v. i.) To remit attention or effort; to become less diligent; to unbend, to relax in study. \ (n.) Relaxation. \ (a.) Relaxed; lax; hence, remiss; careless.
insert near ad. not far; close to \ (adv.) At a little distance, in place, time, manner, or degree; not remote; nigh. \ (adv.) Nearly; almost; well-nigh. \ (adv.) Closely; intimately. \ (adv.) Not far distant in time, place; close at hand; adjacent; neighboring; nigh. \ (adv.) Closely connected or related. \ (adv.) Close to one's interests, affection, etc.; touching, or affecting intimately; intimate; dear; as, a near friend. \ (adv.) Close to anything followed or imitated; not free, loose, or rambling, a version near to the original. \ (adv.) So as barely to avoid or pass injury or loss; close; narrow, a near escape. \ (adv.) Next to the driver, when he is on foot; in the Unted States, on the left of an animal or a team, the near ox; the near leg. See Off side, under Off, a. \ (a) Immediate; direct; short. \ (a) Close-fisted; parsimonious. \ (prep.) Adjacent to; close by; not far from; nigh, the ship sailed near the land. See the Note under near, a. \ (adv.) To approach; to come nearer, the ship neared the land. \ (v. i.) To draw near; to approach.
insert capital n. the official center of a government; the city where a country's government is \ (n.) Of or pertaining to the head. \ (n.) Having reference to, or involving, the forfeiture of the head or life; affecting life; punishable with death; as, capital trials; capital punishment. \ (n.) First in importance; chief; principal. \ (n.) Chief, in a political sense, as being the seat of the general government of a state or nation, Washington and Paris are capital cities. \ (n.) Of first rate quality; excellent, a capital speech or song. \ (n.) The head or uppermost member of a column, pilaster, etc. It consists generally of three parts, abacus, bell (or vase), and necking. See these terms, and Column. \ (n.) The seat of government; the chief city or town in a country; a metropolis. \ (n.) Money, property, or stock employed in trade, manufactures, etc.; the sum invested or lent, as distinguished from the income or interest. See Capital stock, under Capital, a. \ (a.) That portion of the produce of industry, which may be directly employed either to support human beings or to assist in production. \ (a.) Anything which can be used to increase one's power or influence. \ (a.) An imaginary line dividing a bastion, ravelin, or other work, into two equal parts. \ (a.) A chapter, or section, of a book. \ (a.) See Capital letter, a.
insert parking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Park
insert camp n. a place with temporary housing \ (n.) The ground or spot on which tents, huts, etc., are erected for shelter, as for an army or for lumbermen \ (n.) A collection of tents, for shelter, commonly arranged in an orderly manner. \ (n.) A single hut or shelter; as, a hunter's camp. \ (n.) The company or body of persons encamped, as of soldiers, of surveyors, of lumbermen, etc. \ (n.) A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost; -- called also burrow and pie. \ (n.) An ancient game of football, played in some parts of England. \ (v. t.) To afford rest or lodging for, as an army or travelers. \ (v. i.) To pitch or prepare a camp; to encamp; to lodge in a camp; -- often with out. \ (n.) To play the game called camp.
insert pay v. to give money for work done or for something bought \ (v. t.) To cover, as bottom of a vessel, a seam, a spar, etc., with tar or pitch, or waterproof composition of tallow, resin; to smear. \ (v. t.) To satisfy, or content; specifically, to satisfy (another person) for service rendered, property delivered; to discharge one's obligation to; to make due return to; to compensate; to remunerate; to recompense; to requite; as, to pay workmen or servants. \ (v. t.) Hence, figuratively: To compensate justly; to requite according to merit; to reward; to punish; to retort or retaliate upon. \ (v. t.) To discharge, as a debt, demand, or obligation, by giving or doing what is due or required; to deliver the amount or value of to the person to whom it is owing; to discharge a debt by delivering (money owed). \ (v. t.) To discharge or fulfill, as a duy; to perform or render duty, as that which has been promised. \ (v. t.) To give or offer, without an implied obligation, to pay attention; to pay a visit. \ (v. i.) To give a recompense; to make payment, requital, or satisfaction; to discharge a debt. \ (v. i.) Hence, to make or secure suitable return for expense or trouble; to be remunerative or profitable; to be worth the effort or pains required, it will pay to ride; it will pay to wait; politeness always pays. \ (n.) Satisfaction; content. \ (n.) An equivalent or return for money due, goods purchased, or services performed; salary or wages for work or service; compensation; recompense; payment; hire, the pay of a clerk; the pay of a soldier.
insert doing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Do \ (n.) Anything done; a deed; an action good or bad; hence, in the plural, conduct; behavior. See Do.
insert healthy (superl.) Being in a state of health; enjoying health; hale; sound; free from disease; as, a healthy chid; a healthy plant. \ (superl.) Evincing health, a healthy pulse; a healthy complexion. \ (superl.) Conducive to health; wholesome; salubrious; salutary, a healthy exercise; a healthy climate.
insert according (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Accord \ (p. a.) Agreeing; in agreement or harmony; harmonious. \ (adv.) Accordingly; correspondingly.
insert clinic (n.) One confined to the bed by sickness. \ (n.) One who receives baptism on a sick bed. \ (n.) A school, or a session of a school or class, in which medicine or surgery is taught by the examination and treatment of patients in the presence of the pupils. \ (v. i.) Of or pertaining to a bed, especially, a sick bed. \ (v. i.) Of or pertaining to a clinic, or to the study of disease in the living subject.
insert surely (adv.) In a sure or certain manner; certainly; infallibly; undoubtedly; assuredly. \ (adv.) Without danger; firmly; steadly; securely.
insert serve v. to work as an official; to be employed by the government; to assist or help \ (v. t.) To work for; to labor in behalf of; to exert one's self continuously or statedly for the benefit of; to do service for; to be in the employment of, as an inferior, domestic, serf, slave, hired assistant, official helper, etc.; specifically, in a religious sense, to obey and worship. \ (v. t.) To be subordinate to; to act a secondary part under; to appear as the inferior of; to minister to. \ (v. t.) To be suitor to; to profess love to. \ (v. t.) To wait upon; to supply the wants of; to attend, to wait upon at table; to attend at meals; to supply with food; as, to serve customers in a shop. \ (v. t.) Hence, to bring forward, arrange, deal, or distribute, as a portion of anything, especially of food prepared for eating; -- often with up; formerly with in. \ (v. t.) To perform the duties belonging to, or required in or for; hence, to be of use to, a curate may serve two churches; to serve one's country. \ (v. t.) To contribute or conduce to; to promote; to be sufficient for; to satisfy, to serve one's turn. \ (v. t.) To answer or be (in the place of something) to, a sofa serves one for a seat and a couch. \ (v. t.) To treat; to behave one's self to; to requite; to act toward, he served me very ill. \ (v. t.) To work; to operate, to serve the guns. \ (v. t.) To bring to notice, deliver, or execute, either actually or constructively, in such manner as the law requires, to serve a summons. \ (v. t.) To make legal service opon (a person named in a writ, summons, etc.), to serve a witness with a subp/na. \ (v. t.) To pass or spend, as time, esp. time of punishment, to serve a term in prison. \ (v. t.) To copulate with; to cover, a horse serves a mare; -- said of the male. \ (v. t.) To lead off in delivering (the ball). \ (v. t.) To wind spun yarn, or the like, tightly around (a rope or cable, etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather. See under Serving. \ (v. i.) To be a servant or a slave; to be employed in labor or other business for another; to be in subjection or bondage; to render menial service. \ (v. i.) To perform domestic offices; to be occupied with household affairs; to prepare and dish up food, etc. \ (v. i.) To be in service; to do duty; to discharge the requirements of an office or employment. Specifically, to act in the public service, as a soldier, seaman. etc. \ (v. i.) To be of use; to answer a purpose; to suffice; to suit; to be convenient or favorable. \ (v. i.) To lead off in delivering the ball.
insert development (n.) The act of developing or disclosing that which is unknown; a gradual unfolding process by which anything is developed, as a plan or method, or an image upon a photographic plate; gradual advancement or growth through a series of progressive changes; also, the result of developing, or a developed state. \ (n.) The series of changes which animal and vegetable organisms undergo in their passage from the embryonic state to maturity, from a lower to a higher state of organization. \ (n.) The act or process of changing or expanding an expression into another of equivalent value or meaning. \ (n.) The equivalent expression into which another has been developed. \ (n.) The elaboration of a theme or subject; the unfolding of a musical idea; the evolution of a whole piece or movement from a leading theme or motive.
insert hunger n. the need for food \ (n.) An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food. \ (n.) Any strong eager desire. \ (n.) To feel the craving or uneasiness occasioned by want of food; to be oppressed by hunger. \ (n.) To have an eager desire; to long. \ (v. t.) To make hungry; to famish.
insert scientific (a.) Of or pertaining to science; used in science; as, scientific principles; scientific apparatus; scientific observations. \ (a.) Agreeing with, or depending on, the rules or principles of science, a scientific classification; a scientific arrangement of fossils. \ (a.) Having a knowledge of science, or of a science; evincing science or systematic knowledge, a scientific chemist; a scientific reasoner; a scientific argument.
insert mystery n. something that is not or cannot be explained or understood; a secret \ (a.) A profound secret; something wholly unknown, or something kept cautiously concealed, and therefore exciting curiosity or wonder; something which has not been or can not be explained; hence, specifically, that which is beyond human comprehension. \ (a.) A kind of secret religious celebration, to which none were admitted except those who had been initiated by certain preparatory ceremonies; -- usually plural; as, the Eleusinian mysteries. \ (a.) The consecrated elements in the eucharist. \ (a.) Anything artfully made difficult; an enigma. \ (n.) A trade; a handicraft, any business with which one is usually occupied. \ (n.) A dramatic representation of a Scriptural subject, often some event in the life of Christ; a dramatic composition of this character, the Chester Mysteries, consisting of dramas acted by various craft associations in that city in the early part of the 14th century.
insert shave obs. p. p. of Shave. \ (v. t.) To cut or pare off from the surface of a body with a razor or other edged instrument; to cut off closely, as with a razor; as, to shave the beard. \ (v. t.) To make bare or smooth by cutting off closely the surface, or surface covering, of; especially, to remove the hair from with a razor or other sharp instrument; to take off the beard or hair of, to shave the face or the crown of the head; he shaved himself. \ (v. t.) To cut off thin slices from; to cut in thin slices. \ (v. t.) To skim along or near the surface of; to pass close to, or touch lightly, in passing. \ (v. t.) To strip; to plunder; to fleece. \ (v. i.) To use a razor for removing the beard; to cut closely; hence, to be hard and severe in a bargain; to practice extortion; to cheat. \ (v. t.) A thin slice; a shaving. \ (v. t.) A cutting of the beard; the operation of shaving. \ (v. t.) An exorbitant discount on a note. \ (v. t.) A premium paid for an extension of the time of delivery or payment, or for the right to vary a stock contract in any particular. \ (v. t.) A hand tool consisting of a sharp blade with a handle at each end; a drawing knife; a spokeshave. \ (v. t.) The act of passing very near to, so as almost to graze, the bullet missed by a close shave.
insert powerful (a.) Full of power; capable of producing great effects of any kind; potent; mighty; efficacious; intense; as, a powerful man or beast; a powerful engine; a powerful argument; a powerful light; a powerful vessel. \ (a.) Large; capacious; -- said of veins of ore.
insert rent (imp. & p. p.) of Rend \ (v. i.) To rant. \ imp. & p. p. of Rend. \ (n.) An opening made by rending; a break or breach made by force; a tear. \ (n.) Figuratively, a schism; a rupture of harmony; a separation; as, a rent in the church. \ (v. t.) To tear. See Rend. \ (n.) Income; revenue. See Catel. \ (n.) Pay; reward; share; toll. \ (n.) A certain periodical profit, whether in money, provisions, chattels, or labor, issuing out of lands and tenements in payment for the use; commonly, a certain pecuniary sum agreed upon between a tenant and his landlord, paid at fixed intervals by the lessee to the lessor, for the use of land or its appendages, rent for a farm, a house, a park, etc. \ (n.) To grant the possession and enjoyment of, for a rent; to lease, the owwner of an estate or house rents it. \ (n.) To take and hold under an agreement to pay rent, the tennant rents an estate of the owner. \ (v. i.) To be leased, or let for rent, an estate rents for five hundred dollars a year. \ (n.) That portion of the produce of the earth paid to the landlord for the use of the "original and indestructible powers of the soil;" the excess of the return from a given piece of cultivated land over that from land of equal area at the "margin of cultivation." Called also economic, \ (n.) Loosely, a return or profit from a differential advantage for production, as in case of income or earnings due to rare natural gifts creating a natural monopoly. / Ricardian, rent. Economic rent is due partly to differences of productivity, but chiefly to advantages of location; it is equivalent to ordinary or commercial rent less interest on improvements, and nearly equivalent to ground rent.
insert soda (n.) Sodium oxide or hydroxide. \ (n.) Popularly, sodium carbonate or bicarbonate.
insert describe v. to give a word picture of something; to give details of something \ (v. t.) To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out; as, to describe a circle by the compasses; a torch waved about the head in such a way as to describe a circle. \ (v. t.) To represent by words written or spoken; to give an account of; to make known to others by words or signs, the geographer describes countries and cities. \ (v. t.) To distribute into parts, groups, or classes; to mark off; to class. \ (v. i.) To use the faculty of describing; to give a description, Milton describes with uncommon force and beauty.
insert alive ad. having life; not dead \ (a.) Having life, in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions; as, an animal or a plant which is alive. \ (a.) In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent, to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive. \ (a.) Exhibiting the activity and motion of many living beings; swarming; thronged. \ (a.) Sprightly; lively; brisk. \ (a.) Having susceptibility; easily impressed; having lively feelings, as opposed to apathy; sensitive. \ (a.) Of all living (by way of emphasis).
insert computer n. an electronic machine for storing and organizing information, and for communicating with others \ (n.) One who computes.
insert learn v. to get knowledge about; to come to know a fact or facts \ (v. t.) To gain knowledge or information of; to ascertain by inquiry, study, or investigation; to receive instruction concerning; to fix in the mind; to acquire understanding of, or skill; as, to learn the way; to learn a lesson; to learn dancing; to learn to skate; to learn the violin; to learn the truth about something. \ (v. t.) To communicate knowledge to; to teach. \ (v. i.) To acquire knowledge or skill; to make progress in acquiring knowledge or skill; to receive information or instruction, this child learns quickly.
insert announcement (n.) The act of announcing, or giving notice; that which announces; proclamation; publication.
insert victory n. a success in a fight or competition \ (n.) The defeat of an enemy in battle, or of an antagonist in any contest; a gaining of the superiority in any struggle or competition; conquest; triumph; -- the opposite of defeat.
insert pump v. to force a gas or liquid up, into or through \ (n.) A low shoe with a thin sole. \ (n.) An hydraulic machine, variously constructed, for raising or transferring fluids, consisting essentially of a moving piece or piston working in a hollow cylinder or other cavity, with valves properly placed for admitting or retaining the fluid as it is drawn or driven through them by the action of the piston. \ (v. t.) To raise with a pump, as water or other liquid. \ (v. t.) To draw water, or the like, from; to from water by means of a pump; as, they pumped the well dry; to pump a ship. \ (v. t.) Figuratively, to draw out or obtain, as secrets or money, by persistent questioning or plying; to question or ply persistently in order to elicit something, as information, money, etc. \ (v. i.) To work, or raise water, a pump.
insert importance (n.) The quality or state of being important; consequence; weight; moment; significance. \ (n.) Subject; matter. \ (n.) Import; meaning; significance. \ (n.) Importunity; solicitation.
insert box n. something to put things into; a container, usually made of paper or wood \ (n.) A tree or shrub, flourishing in different parts of the world. The common box (Buxus sempervirens) has two varieties, one of which, the dwarf box (B. suffruticosa), is much used for borders in gardens. The wood of the tree varieties, being very hard and smooth, is extensively used in the arts, as by turners, engravers, mathematical instrument makers, etc. \ (n.) A receptacle or case of any firm material and of various shapes. \ (n.) The quantity that a box contain. \ (n.) A space with a few seats partitioned off in a theater, or other place of public amusement. \ (n.) A chest or any receptacle for the deposit of money; as, a poor box; a contribution box. \ (n.) A small country house. \ (n.) A boxlike shed for shelter, a sentry box. \ (n.) An axle box, journal box, journal bearing, or bushing. \ (n.) A chamber or section of tube in which a valve works; the bucket of a lifting pump. \ (n.) The driver's seat on a carriage or coach. \ (n.) A present in a box; a present; esp. a Christmas box or gift. \ (n.) The square in which the pitcher stands. \ (n.) A Mediterranean food fish; the bogue. \ (v. t.) To inclose in a box. \ (v. t.) To furnish with boxes, as a wheel. \ (v. t.) To inclose with boarding, lathing, etc., so as to bring to a required form. \ (n.) A blow on the head or ear with the hand. \ (v. i.) To fight with the fist; to combat with, or as with, the hand or fist; to spar. \ (v. t.) To strike with the hand or fist, especially to strike on the ear, or on the side of the head. \ (v. t.) To boxhaul.
insert free v. to release; ad. not controlled by another or by outside forces; not in prison; independent; not limited by rules; without cost \ (superl.) Exempt from subjection to the will of others; not under restraint, control, or compulsion; able to follow one's own impulses, desires, or inclinations; determining one's own course of action; not dependent; at liberty. \ (superl.) Not under an arbitrary or despotic government; subject only to fixed laws regularly and fairly administered, and defended by them from encroachments upon natural or acquired rights; enjoying political liberty. \ (superl.) Liberated, by arriving at a certain age, from the control of parents, guardian, or master. \ (superl.) Not confined or imprisoned; released from arrest; liberated; at liberty to go. \ (superl.) Not subjected to the laws of physical necessity; capable of voluntary activity; endowed with moral liberty; -- said of the will. \ (superl.) Clear of offense or crime; guiltless; innocent. \ (superl.) Unconstrained by timidity or distrust; unreserved; ingenuous; frank; familiar; communicative. \ (superl.) Unrestrained; immoderate; lavish; licentious; -- used in a bad sense. \ (superl.) Not close or parsimonious; liberal; open-handed; as, free with his money. \ (superl.) Exempt; clear; released; not encumbered or troubled with, free from pain; free from a burden; -- followed by from, or, rarely, by of. \ (superl.) Characteristic of one acting without restraint; charming; easy. \ (superl.) Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited, a free horse. \ (superl.) Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; -- followed by of. \ (superl.) Thrown open, or made accessible, to all; to be enjoyed without limitations; unrestricted; not obstructed, engrossed, or appropriated; open; -- said of a thing to be possessed or enjoyed, a free school. \ (superl.) Not gained by importunity or purchase; gratuitous; spontaneous, free admission; a free gift. \ (superl.) Not arbitrary or despotic; assuring liberty; defending individual rights against encroachment by any person or class; instituted by a free people; -- said of a government, institutions, etc. \ (superl.) Certain or honorable; the opposite of base, free service; free socage. \ (superl.) Privileged or individual; the opposite of common, a free fishery; a free warren. \ (superl.) Not united or combined with anything else; separated; dissevered; unattached; at liberty to escape, free carbonic acid gas; free cells. \ (adv.) Freely; willingly. \ (adv.) Without charge, children admitted free. \ (a.) To make free; to set at liberty; to rid of that which confines, limits, embarrasses, oppresses, etc.; to release; to disengage; to clear, and sometimes by off, to free a captive or a slave; to be freed of these inconveniences. \ (a.) To remove, as something that confines or bars; to relieve from the constraint of. \ (a.) To frank.
insert good ad. pleasing; helpful; kind; correct; not bad \ (superl.) Possessing desirable qualities; adapted to answer the end designed; promoting success, welfare, or happiness; serviceable; useful; fit; excellent; admirable; commendable; not bad, corrupt, evil, noxious, offensive, or troublesome, etc. \ (superl.) Possessing moral excellence or virtue; virtuous; pious; religious; -- said of persons or actions. \ (superl.) Kind; benevolent; humane; merciful; gracious; polite; propitious; friendly; well-disposed; -- often followed by to or toward, also formerly by unto. \ (superl.) Serviceable; suited; adapted; suitable; of use; to be relied upon; -- followed especially by for. \ (superl.) Clever; skillful; dexterous; ready; handy; -- followed especially by at. \ (superl.) Adequate; sufficient; competent; sound; not fallacious; valid; in a commercial sense, to be depended on for the discharge of obligations incurred; having pecuniary ability; of unimpaired credit. \ (superl.) Real; actual; serious; as in the phrases in good earnest; in good sooth. \ (superl.) Not small, insignificant, or of no account; considerable; esp., in the phrases a good deal, a good way, a good degree, a good share or part, etc. \ (superl.) Not lacking or deficient; full; complete. \ (superl.) Not blemished or impeached; fair; honorable; unsullied; as in the phrases a good name, a good report, good repute, etc. \ (n.) That which possesses desirable qualities, promotes success, is serviceable, etc.; -- opposed to evil. \ (n.) Advancement of interest or happiness; prosperity; advantage; benefit; -- opposed to harm, etc. \ (n.) Wares; commodities; chattels; -- formerly used in the singular in a collective sense. In law, a comprehensive name for almost all personal property as distinguished from land or real property. \ (adv.) Well, -- especially in the phrase as good, with a following as expressed or implied; equally well with as much advantage or as little harm as possible. \ (v. t.) To make good; to turn to good. \ (v. t.) To manure; to improve.
insert gas n. any substance that is not solid or liquid; any substance that burns to provide heat, light or power \ (n.) An aeriform fluid; -- a term used at first by chemists as synonymous with air, but since restricted to fluids supposed to be permanently elastic, as oxygen, hydrogen, etc., in distinction from vapors, as steam, which become liquid on a reduction of temperature. In present usage, since all of the supposed permanent gases have been liquified by cold and pressure, the term has resumed nearly its original signification, and is applied to any substance in the elastic or aeriform state. \ (n.) A complex mixture of gases, of which the most important constituents are marsh gas, olefiant gas, and hydrogen, artificially produced by the destructive distillation of gas coal, or sometimes of peat, wood, oil, resin, etc. It gives a brilliant light when burned, and is the common gas used for illuminating purposes. \ (n.) Laughing gas. \ (n.) Any irrespirable aeriform fluid. \ (v. t.) To singe, as in a gas flame, so as to remove loose fibers; as, to gas thread. \ (v. t.) To impregnate with gas, to gas lime with chlorine in the manufacture of bleaching powder. \ (v. t.) to expose to a poisonous or noxious gas \ (n.) Gasoline.
insert unless conj. except if it happens; on condition that ("I will not go, unless the rain stops.") \ (conj.) Upon any less condition than (the fact or thing stated in the sentence or clause which follows); if not; supposing that not; if it be not; were it not that; except; as, we shall fail unless we are industrious.
insert purpose n. the reason or desired effect for doing something; goal \ (n.) That which a person sets before himself as an object to be reached or accomplished; the end or aim to which the view is directed in any plan, measure, or exertion; view; aim; design; intention; plan. \ (n.) Proposal to another; discourse. \ (n.) Instance; example. \ (v. t.) To set forth; to bring forward. \ (v. t.) To propose, as an aim, to one's self; to determine upon, as some end or object to be accomplished; to intend; to design; to resolve; -- often followed by an infinitive or dependent clause. \ (v. i.) To have a purpose or intention; to discourse.
insert secondly (adv.) In the second place.
insert trip n. a movement from one place to another, usually a long distance \ (n. i.) To move with light, quick steps; to walk or move lightly; to skip; to move the feet nimbly; -- sometimes followed by it. See It, 5. \ (n. i.) To make a brief journey or pleasure excursion; as, to trip to Europe. \ (n. i.) To take a quick step, as when in danger of losing one's balance; hence, to make a false; to catch the foot; to lose footing; to stumble. \ (n. i.) Fig.: To be guilty of a misstep; to commit an offense against morality, propriety, or rule; to err; to mistake; to fail. \ (v. t.) To cause to stumble, or take a false step; to cause to lose the footing, by striking the feet from under; to cause to fall; to throw off the balance; to supplant; -- often followed by up, to trip up a man in wrestling. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To overthrow by depriving of support; to put an obstacle in the way of; to obstruct; to cause to fail. \ (v. t.) To detect in a misstep; to catch; to convict. \ (v. t.) To raise (an anchor) from the bottom, by its cable or buoy rope, so that it hangs free. \ (v. t.) To pull (a yard) into a perpendicular position for lowering it. \ (v. t.) To release, let fall, or see free, as a weight or compressed spring, as by removing a latch or detent. \ (n.) A quick, light step; a lively movement of the feet; a skip. \ (n.) A brief or rapid journey; an excursion or jaunt. \ (n.) A false step; a stumble; a misstep; a loss of footing or balance. Fig.: An error; a failure; a mistake. \ (n.) A small piece; a morsel; a bit. \ (n.) A stroke, or catch, by which a wrestler causes his antagonist to lose footing. \ (n.) A single board, or tack, in plying, or beating, to windward. \ (n.) A herd or flock, as of sheep, goats, etc. \ (n.) A troop of men; a host. \ (n.) A flock of widgeons.
insert previous (a.) Going before in time; being or happening before something else; antecedent; prior; as, previous arrangements; a previous illness.
insert object v. to show that one does not like or approve; to protest; n. something not alive that can be seen or touched \ (v. t.) To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose. \ (v. t.) To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason. \ (v. i.) To make opposition in words or argument; -- usually followed by to. \ (v. t.) That which is put, or which may be regarded as put, in the way of some of the senses; something visible or tangible; as, he observed an object in the distance; all the objects in sight; he touched a strange object in the dark. \ (v. t.) That which is set, or which may be regarded as set, before the mind so as to be apprehended or known; that of which the mind by any of its activities takes cognizance, whether a thing external in space or a conception formed by the mind itself, an object of knowledge, wonder, fear, thought, study, etc. \ (v. t.) That by which the mind, or any of its activities, is directed; that on which the purpose are fixed as the end of action or effort; that which is sought for; end; aim; motive; final cause. \ (v. t.) Sight; show; appearance; aspect. \ (v. t.) A word, phrase, or clause toward which an action is directed, or is considered to be directed, the object of a transitive verb. \ (a.) Opposed; presented in opposition; also, exposed.
insert can v. to be able to; to have the right to; n. a container used to hold liquid or food, usually made of metal \ an obs. form of began, imp. & p. p. of Begin, sometimes used in old poetry. [See Gan.] \ (n.) A drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids. \ (n.) A vessel or case of tinned iron or of sheet metal, of various forms, but usually cylindrical; as, a can of tomatoes; an oil can; a milk can. \ (v. t.) To preserve by putting in sealed cans \ (v. t. & i.) To know; to understand. \ (v. t. & i.) To be able to do; to have power or influence. \ (v. t. & i.) To be able; -- followed by an infinitive without to, I can go, but do not wish to.
insert stolen (p. p.) of Steal \ p. p. of Steal.
insert hope v. to expect; to believe there is a good chance that something will happen as wanted; to want something to happen \ (n.) A sloping plain between mountain ridges. \ (n.) A small bay; an inlet; a haven. \ (n.) A desire of some good, accompanied with an expectation of obtaining it, or a belief that it is obtainable; an expectation of something which is thought to be desirable; confidence; pleasing expectancy. \ (n.) One who, or that which, gives hope, furnishes ground of expectation, or promises desired good. \ (n.) That which is hoped for; an object of hope. \ (v. i.) To entertain or indulge hope; to cherish a desire of good, or of something welcome, with expectation of obtaining it or belief that it is obtainable; to expect; -- usually followed by for. \ (v. i.) To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good; -- usually followed by in. \ (v. t.) To desire with expectation or with belief in the possibility or prospect of obtaining; to look forward to as a thing desirable, with the expectation of obtaining it; to cherish hopes of. \ (v. t.) To expect; to fear.
insert gold n. a highly valued yellow metal \ (n.) Alt. of Goolde \ (v. t.) A metallic element, constituting the most precious metal used as a common commercial medium of exchange. It has a characteristic yellow color, is one of the heaviest substances known (specific gravity 19.32), is soft, and very malleable and ductile. It is quite unalterable by heat, moisture, and most corrosive agents, and therefore well suited for its use in coin and jewelry. Symbol Au (Aurum). Atomic weight 196.7. \ (v. t.) Money; riches; wealth. \ (v. t.) A yellow color, like that of the metal; as, a flower tipped with gold. \ (v. t.) Figuratively, something precious or pure, hearts of gold.
insert handsome (superl.) Dexterous; skillful; handy; ready; convenient; -- applied to things as persons. \ (superl.) Agreeable to the eye or to correct taste; having a pleasing appearance or expression; attractive; having symmetry and dignity; comely; -- expressing more than pretty, and less than beautiful; as, a handsome man or woman; a handsome garment, house, tree, horse. \ (superl.) Suitable or fit in action; marked with propriety and ease; graceful; becoming; appropriate, a handsome style, etc. \ (superl.) Evincing a becoming generosity or nobleness of character; liberal; generous. \ (superl.) Ample; moderately large.
insert drawer (n.) One who, or that which, draws \ (n.) One who draws liquor for guests; a waiter in a taproom. \ (n.) One who delineates or depicts; a draughtsman; as, a good drawer. \ (n.) One who draws a bill of exchange or order for payment; -- the correlative of drawee. \ (n.) That which is drawn \ (n.) A sliding box or receptacle in a case, which is opened by pulling or drawing out, and closed by pushing in. \ (n.) An under-garment worn on the lower limbs.
insert forty (a.) Four times ten; thirty-nine and one more. \ (n.) The sum of four tens; forty units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol expressing forty units; as, 40, or xl.
insert hot ad. having or feeling great heat or a high temperature \ of Hight \ imp. & p. p. of Hote. \ (superl.) Having much sensible heat; exciting the feeling of warmth in a great degree; very warm; -- opposed to cold, and exceeding warm in degree; as, a hot stove; hot water or air. \ (superl.) Characterized by heat, ardor, or animation; easily excited; firely; vehement; passionate; violent; eager. \ (superl.) Lustful; lewd; lecherous. \ (superl.) Acrid; biting; pungent, hot as mustard. \ of Hote \ of Hote
insert minister n. a member of a cabinet; a high government official ("prime minister,"foreign minister") \ (n.) A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence, an agent, an instrument. \ (n.) An officer of justice. \ (n.) One to whom the sovereign or executive head of a government intrusts the management of affairs of state, or some department of such affairs. \ (n.) A representative of a government, sent to the court, or seat of government, of a foreign nation to transact diplomatic business. \ (n.) One who serves at the altar; one who performs sacerdotal duties; the pastor of a church duly authorized or licensed to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments. \ (n.) To furnish or apply; to afford; to supply; to administer. \ (v. i.) To act as a servant, attendant, or agent; to attend and serve; to perform service in any office, sacred or secular. \ (v. i.) To supply or to things needful; esp., to supply consolation or remedies.
insert bold (n.) Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous. \ (n.) Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; vigorous. \ (n.) In a bad sense, too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent. \ (n.) Somewhat overstepping usual bounds, or conventional rules, as in art, literature, etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as, the figures of an author are bold. \ (n.) Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief. \ (n.) Steep; abrupt; prominent. \ (v. t.) To make bold or daring. \ (v. i.) To be or become bold.
insert as conj. equally ("as fast as"); when; while \ (adv. & conj.) Denoting equality or likeness in kind, degree, or manner; like; similar to; in the same manner with or in which; in accordance with; in proportion to; to the extent or degree in which or to which; equally; no less than; as, ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil; you will reap as you sow; do as you are bidden. \ (adv. & conj.) In the idea, character, or condition of, -- limiting the view to certain attributes or relations, virtue considered as virtue; this actor will appear as Hamlet. \ (adv. & conj.) While; during or at the same time that, he trembled as he spoke. \ (adv. & conj.) Because; since; it being the case that. \ (adv. & conj.) Expressing concession. (Often approaching though in meaning). \ (adv. & conj.) That, introducing or expressing a result or consequence, after the correlatives so and such. \ (adv. & conj.) As if; as though. \ (adv. & conj.) For instance; by way of example; thus; -- used to introduce illustrative phrases, sentences, or citations. \ (adv. & conj.) Than. \ (adv. & conj.) Expressing a wish. \ (n.) An ace. \ (n.) A Roman weight, answering to the libra or pound, equal to nearly eleven ounces Troy weight. It was divided into twelve ounces. \ (n.) A Roman copper coin, originally of a pound weight (12 oz.); but reduced, after the first Punic war, to two ounces; in the second Punic war, to one ounce; and afterwards to half an ounce.
insert exact ad. having no mistakes; correct in every detail \ (a.) Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect; true; correct; precise; as, the clock keeps exact time; he paid the exact debt; an exact copy of a letter; exact accounts. \ (a.) Habitually careful to agree with a standard, a rule, or a promise; accurate; methodical; punctual, a man exact in observing an appointment; in my doings I was exact. \ (a.) Precisely or definitely conceived or stated; strict. \ (a.) To demand or require authoritatively or peremptorily, as a right; to enforce the payment of, or a yielding of; to compel to yield or to furnish; hence, to wrest, as a fee or reward when none is due; -- followed by from or of before the one subjected to exaction, to exact tribute, fees, obedience, etc., from or of some one. \ (v. i.) To practice exaction.
insert entire (a.) Complete in all parts; undivided; undiminished; whole; full and perfect; not deficient; as, the entire control of a business; entire confidence, ignorance. \ (a.) Without mixture or alloy of anything; unqualified; morally whole; pure; faithful. \ (a.) Consisting of a single piece, as a corolla. \ (a.) Having an evenly continuous edge, as a leaf which has no kind of teeth. \ (a.) Not gelded; -- said of a horse. \ (a.) Internal; interior. \ (n.) Entirely. \ (n.) A name originally given to a kind of beer combining qualities of different kinds of beer.
insert visit v. to go to or come to a place for a short time for friendly or business reasons \ (v. t.) To go or come to see, as for the purpose of friendship, business, curiosity, etc.; to attend; to call upon; as, the physician visits his patient. \ (v. t.) To go or come to see for inspection, examination, correction of abuses; to examine, to inspect, a bishop visits his diocese; a superintendent visits persons or works under his charge. \ (v. t.) To come to for the purpose of chastising, rewarding, comforting; to come upon with reward or retribution; to appear before or judge, to visit in mercy; to visit one in wrath. \ (v. i.) To make a visit or visits; to maintain visiting relations; to practice calling on others. \ (v. t.) The act of visiting, or going to see a person or thing; a brief stay of business, friendship, ceremony, or the like, usually longer than a call, a visit of civility or respect; a visit to Saratoga; the visit of a physician. \ (v. t.) The act of going to view or inspect; an official or formal inspection; visitation, the visit of a trustee or inspector.
insert cat n. a small animal that often lives with humans \ (n.) An animal of various species of the genera Felis and Lynx. The domestic cat is Felis domestica. The European wild cat (Felis catus) is much larger than the domestic cat. In the United States the name wild cat is commonly applied to the bay lynx (Lynx rufus) See Wild cat, and Tiger cat. \ (n.) A strong vessel with a narrow stern, projecting quarters, and deep waist. It is employed in the coal and timber trade. \ (n.) A strong tackle used to draw an anchor up to the cathead of a ship. \ (n.) A double tripod (for holding a plate, etc.), having six feet, of which three rest on the ground, in whatever position in is placed. \ (n.) An old game; (a) The game of tipcat and the implement with which it is played. See Tipcat. (c) A game of ball, called, according to the number of batters, one old cat, two old cat, etc. \ (n.) A cat o' nine tails. See below. \ (v. t.) To bring to the cathead; as, to cat an anchor. See Anchor.
insert make v. to produce; to create; to build; to do something or to carry out an action; to cause to be or to become \ (n.) A companion; a mate; often, a husband or a wife. \ (v. t.) To cause to exist; to bring into being; to form; to produce; to frame; to fashion; to create. \ (v. t.) To form of materials; to cause to exist in a certain form; to construct; to fabricate. \ (v. t.) To produce, as something artificial, unnatural, or false; -- often with up; as, to make up a story. \ (v. t.) To bring about; to bring forward; to be the cause or agent of; to effect, do, perform, or execute; -- often used with a noun to form a phrase equivalent to the simple verb that corresponds to such noun, to make complaint, for to complain; to make record of, for to record; to make abode, for to abide, etc. \ (v. t.) To execute with the requisite formalities, to make a bill, note, will, deed, etc. \ (v. t.) To gain, as the result of one's efforts; to get, as profit; to make acquisition of; to have accrue or happen to one, to make a large profit; to make an error; to make a loss; to make money. \ (v. t.) To find, as the result of calculation or computation; to ascertain by enumeration; to find the number or amount of, by reckoning, weighing, measurement, and the like, he made the distance of; to travel over, the ship makes ten knots an hour; he made the distance in one day. \ (v. t.) To put a desired or desirable condition; to cause to thrive. \ (v. t.) To cause to be or become; to put into a given state verb, or adjective; to constitute, to make known; to make public; to make fast. \ (v. t.) To cause to appear to be; to constitute subjectively; to esteem, suppose, or represent. \ (v. t.) To require; to constrain; to compel; to force; to cause; to occasion; -- followed by a noun or pronoun and infinitive. \ (v. t.) To become; to be, or to be capable of being, changed or fashioned into; to do the part or office of; to furnish the material for, he will make a good musician; sweet cider makes sour vinegar; wool makes warm clothing. \ (v. t.) To compose, as parts, ingredients, or materials; to amount to. \ (v. t.) To be engaged or concerned in. \ (v. t.) To reach; to attain; to arrive at or in sight of. \ (v. i.) To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; -- often in the phrase to meddle or make. \ (v. i.) To proceed; to tend; to move; to go, he made toward home; the tiger made at the sportsmen. \ (v. i.) To tend; to contribute; to have effect; -- with for or against, it makes for his advantage. \ (v. i.) To increase; to augment; to accrue. \ (v. i.) To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify. \ (n.) Structure, texture, constitution of parts; construction; shape; form.
insert subway (n.) An underground way or gallery; especially, a passage under a street, in which water mains, gas mains, telegraph wires, etc., are conducted.
insert agency n. an organization that is part of a larger group ("an agency of the United Nations") \ (n.) The faculty of acting or of exerting power; the state of being in action; action; instrumentality. \ (n.) The office of an agent, or factor; the relation between a principal and his agent; business of one intrusted with the concerns of another. \ (n.) The place of business of am agent.
insert drill (v. t.) To pierce or bore with a drill, or a with a drill; to perforate; as, to drill a hole into a rock; to drill a piece of metal. \ (v. t.) To train in the military art; to exercise diligently, as soldiers, in military evolutions and exercises; hence, to instruct thoroughly in the rudiments of any art or branch of knowledge; to discipline. \ (v. i.) To practice an exercise or exercises; to train one's self. \ (n.) An instrument with an edged or pointed end used for making holes in hard substances; strictly, a tool that cuts with its end, by revolving, as in drilling metals, or by a succession of blows, as in drilling stone; also, a drill press. \ (n.) The act or exercise of training soldiers in the military art, as in the manual of arms, in the execution of evolutions, and the like, diligent and strict instruction and exercise in the rudiments and methods of any business; a kind or method of military exercises, infantry drill; battalion drill; artillery drill. \ (n.) Any exercise, physical or mental, enforced with regularity and by constant repetition, a severe drill in Latin grammar. \ (n.) A marine gastropod, of several species, which kills oysters and other bivalves by drilling holes through the shell. The most destructive kind is Urosalpinx cinerea. \ (v. t.) To cause to flow in drills or rills or by trickling; to drain by trickling, waters drilled through a sandy stratum. \ (v. t.) To sow, as seeds, by dribbling them along a furrow or in a row, like a trickling rill of water. \ (v. t.) To entice; to allure from step; to decoy; -- with on. \ (v. t.) To cause to slip or waste away by degrees. \ (v. i.) To trickle. \ (v. i.) To sow in drills. \ (n.) A small trickling stream; a rill. \ (n.) An implement for making holes for sowing seed, and sometimes so formed as to contain seeds and drop them into the hole made. \ (n.) A light furrow or channel made to put seed into sowing. \ (n.) A row of seed sown in a furrow. \ (n.) A large African baboon (Cynocephalus leucophaeus). \ (n.) Same as Drilling.
insert write v. to use an instrument to make words appear on a surface, such as paper \ (v. t.) To set down, as legible characters; to form the conveyance of meaning; to inscribe on any material by a suitable instrument; as, to write the characters called letters; to write figures. \ (v. t.) To set down for reading; to express in legible or intelligible characters; to inscribe, to write a deed; to write a bill of divorcement; hence, specifically, to set down in an epistle; to communicate by letter. \ (v. t.) Hence, to compose or produce, as an author. \ (v. t.) To impress durably; to imprint; to engrave, truth written on the heart. \ (v. t.) To make known by writing; to record; to prove by one's own written testimony; -- often used reflexively. \ (v. i.) To form characters, letters, or figures, as representative of sounds or ideas; to express words and sentences by written signs. \ (v. i.) To be regularly employed or occupied in writing, copying, or accounting; to act as clerk or amanuensis, he writes in one of the public offices. \ (v. i.) To frame or combine ideas, and express them in written words; to play the author; to recite or relate in books; to compose. \ (v. i.) To compose or send letters.
insert wonder v. to ask oneself; to question ("She wonders if it is true."); n. a feeling of surprise \ (n.) That emotion which is excited by novelty, or the presentation to the sight or mind of something new, unusual, strange, great, extraordinary, or not well understood; surprise; astonishment; admiration; amazement. \ (n.) A cause of wonder; that which excites surprise; a strange thing; a prodigy; a miracle. \ (v. i.) To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel. \ (v. i.) To feel doubt and curiosity; to wait with uncertain expectation; to query in the mind; as, he wondered why they came. \ (a.) Wonderful. \ (adv.) Wonderfully.
insert neighbor (n.) A person who lives near another; one whose abode is not far off. \ (n.) One who is near in sympathy or confidence. \ (n.) One entitled to, or exhibiting, neighborly kindness; hence, one of the human race; a fellow being. \ (a.) Near to another; adjoining; adjacent; next; neighboring. \ (v. i.) To dwell in the vicinity; to be a neighbor, or in the neighborhood; to be near. \ (v. t.) To adjoin; to border on; tobe near to. \ (v. t.) To associate intimately with.
insert devil (n.) The Evil One; Satan, represented as the tempter and spiritual of mankind. \ (n.) An evil spirit; a demon. \ (n.) A very wicked person; hence, any great evil. \ (n.) An expletive of surprise, vexation, or emphasis, or, ironically, of negation. \ (n.) A dish, as a bone with the meat, broiled and excessively peppered; a grill with Cayenne pepper. \ (n.) A machine for tearing or cutting rags, cotton, etc. \ (v. t.) To make like a devil; to invest with the character of a devil. \ (v. t.) To grill with Cayenne pepper; to season highly in cooking, as with pepper.
insert yours (pron.) See the Note under Your.
insert scissors (n. pl.) A cutting instrument resembling shears, but smaller, consisting of two cutting blades with handles, movable on a pin in the center, by which they are held together. Often called a pair of scissors.
insert tour (n.) A tower. \ (v. t.) A going round; a circuit; hence, a journey in a circuit; a prolonged circuitous journey; a comprehensive excursion; as, the tour of Europe; the tour of France or England. \ (v. t.) A turn; a revolution, the tours of the heavenly bodies. \ (v. t.) anything done successively, or by regular order; a turn, a tour of duty. \ (v. i.) To make a tourm, to tour throught a country.
insert expert n. a person with special knowledge or training \ (a.) Taught by use, practice, or experience, experienced; having facility of operation or performance from practice; knowing and ready from much practice; clever; skillful; as, an expert surgeon; expert in chess or archery. \ (n.) An expert or experienced person; one instructed by experience; one who has skill, experience, or extensive knowledge in his calling or in any special branch of learning. \ (n.) A specialist in a particular profession or department of science requiring for its mastery peculiar culture and erudition. \ (n.) A sworn appraiser. \ (v. t.) To experience.
insert thus (n.) The commoner kind of frankincense, or that obtained from the Norway spruce, the long-leaved pine, and other conifers. \ (adv.) In this or that manner; on this wise. \ (adv.) To this degree or extent; so far; so; as, thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
insert toy (v. t.) A plaything for children; a bawble. \ (v. t.) A thing for amusement, but of no real value; an article of trade of little value; a trifle. \ (v. t.) A wild fancy; an odd conceit; idle sport; folly; trifling opinion. \ (v. t.) Amorous dalliance; play; sport; pastime. \ (v. t.) An old story; a silly tale. \ (v. t.) A headdress of linen or woolen, that hangs down over the shoulders, worn by old women of the lower classes; -- called also toy mutch. \ (v. i.) To dally amorously; to trifle; to play. \ (v. t.) To treat foolishly.
insert cup (n.) A small vessel, used commonly to drink from; as, a tin cup, a silver cup, a wine cup; especially, in modern times, the pottery or porcelain vessel, commonly with a handle, used with a saucer in drinking tea, coffee, and the like. \ (n.) The contents of such a vessel; a cupful. \ (n.) Repeated potations; social or excessive indulgence in intoxicating drinks; revelry. \ (n.) That which is to be received or indured; that which is allotted to one; a portion. \ (n.) Anything shaped like a cup, the cup of an acorn, or of a flower. \ (n.) A cupping glass or other vessel or instrument used to produce the vacuum in cupping. \ (v. t.) To supply with cups of wine. \ (v. t.) To apply a cupping apparatus to; to subject to the operation of cupping. See Cupping. \ (v. t.) To make concave or in the form of a cup, to cup the end of a screw. \ A cock or cup containing grease, to serve as a lubricator.
insert president n. the chief official of a country that is a republic; the leader of an organization \ (n.) Precedent. \ (a.) Occupying the first rank or chief place; having the highest authority; presiding. \ (n.) One who is elected or appointed to preside; a presiding officer, as of a legislative body. \ (n.) The chief officer of a corporation, company, institution, society, or the like. \ (n.) The chief executive officer of the government in certain republics; as, the president of the United States. \ (n.) A protector; a guardian; a presiding genius.
insert active (a.) Having the power or quality of acting; causing change; communicating action or motion; acting; -- opposed to passive, that receives; as, certain active principles; the powers of the mind. \ (a.) Quick in physical movement; of an agile and vigorous body; nimble, an active child or animal. \ (a.) In action; actually proceeding; working; in force; -- opposed to quiescent, dormant, or extinct, active laws; active hostilities; an active volcano. \ (a.) Given to action; constantly engaged in action; energetic; diligent; busy; -- opposed to dull, sluggish, indolent, or inert, an active man of business; active mind; active zeal. \ (a.) Requiring or implying action or exertion; -- opposed to sedentary or to tranquil, active employment or service; active scenes. \ (a.) Given to action rather than contemplation; practical; operative; -- opposed to speculative or theoretical, an active rather than a speculative statesman. \ (a.) Brisk; lively, an active demand for corn. \ (a.) Implying or producing rapid action, an active disease; an active remedy. \ (a.) Applied to a form of the verb; -- opposed to passive. See Active voice, under Voice.  \ (a.) Applied to verbs which assert that the subject acts upon or affects something else; transitive. \ (a.) Applied to all verbs that express action as distinct from mere existence or state.
insert weep (n.) The lapwing; the wipe; -- so called from its cry. \ imp. of Weep, for wept. \ (v. i.) Formerly, to express sorrow, grief, or anguish, by outcry, or by other manifest signs; in modern use, to show grief or other passions by shedding tears; to shed tears; to cry. \ (v. i.) To lament; to complain. \ (v. i.) To flow in drops; to run in drops. \ (v. i.) To drop water, or the like; to drip; to be soaked. \ (v. i.) To hang the branches, as if in sorrow; to be pendent; to droop; -- said of a plant or its branches. \ (v. t.) To lament; to bewail; to bemoan. \ (v. t.) To shed, or pour forth, as tears; to shed drop by drop, as if tears; as, to weep tears of joy.
insert shampoo (v. t.) To press or knead the whole surface of the body of (a person), and at the same time to stretch the limbs and joints, in connection with the hot bath. \ (v. t.) To wash throughly and rub the head of (a person), with the fingers, using either soap, or a soapy preparation, for the more thorough cleansing. \ (n.) The act of shampooing.
insert clearly (adv.) In a clear manner.
insert tap (v. t.) To strike with a slight or gentle blow; to touch gently; to rap lightly; to pat; as, to tap one with the hand or a cane. \ (v. t.) To put a new sole or heel on, to tap shoes. \ (n.) A gentle or slight blow; a light rap; a pat. \ (n.) A piece of leather fastened upon the bottom of a boot or shoe in repairing or renewing the sole or heel. \ (n.) A signal, by drum or trumpet, for extinguishing all lights in soldiers' quarters and retiring to bed, -- usually given about a quarter of an hour after tattoo. \ (v. i.) To strike a gentle blow. \ (n.) A hole or pipe through which liquor is drawn. \ (n.) A plug or spile for stopping a hole pierced in a cask, or the like; a faucet. \ (n.) Liquor drawn through a tap; hence, a certain kind or quality of liquor, a liquor of the same tap. \ (n.) A place where liquor is drawn for drinking; a taproom; a bar. \ (n.) A tool for forming an internal screw, as in a nut, consisting of a hardened steel male screw grooved longitudinally so as to have cutting edges. \ (v. t.) To pierce so as to let out, or draw off, a fluid, to tap a cask, a tree, a tumor, etc. \ (v. t.) Hence, to draw from (anything) in any analogous way, to tap telegraph wires for the purpose of intercepting information; to tap the treasury. \ (v. t.) To draw, or cause to flow, by piercing. \ (v. t.) To form an internal screw in (anything) by means of a tool called a tap, to tap a nut.
insert violet (n.) Any plant or flower of the genus Viola, of many species. The violets are generally low, herbaceous plants, and the flowers of many of the species are blue, while others are white or yellow, or of several colors, as the pansy (Viola tricolor). \ (n.) The color of a violet, or that part of the spectrum farthest from red. It is the most refrangible part of the spectrum. \ (n.) In art, a color produced by a combination of red and blue in equal proportions; a bluish purple color. \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of small violet-colored butterflies belonging to Lycaena, or Rusticus, and allied genera. \ (n.) Dark blue, inclining to red; bluish purple; having a color produced by red and blue combined.
insert overcoat (n.) A coat worn over the other clothing; a greatcoat; a topcoat.
insert sort n. any group of people or things that are the same or are similar in some way; a kind of something \ (n.) Chance; lot; destiny. \ (n.) A kind or species; any number or collection of individual persons or things characterized by the same or like qualities; a class or order; as, a sort of men; a sort of horses; a sort of trees; a sort of poems. \ (n.) Manner; form of being or acting. \ (n.) Condition above the vulgar; rank. \ (n.) A chance group; a company of persons who happen to be together; a troop; also, an assemblage of animals. \ (n.) A pair; a set; a suit. \ (n.) Letters, figures, points, marks, spaces, or quadrats, belonging to a case, separately considered. \ (v. t.) To separate, and place in distinct classes or divisions, as things having different qualities, to sort cloths according to their colors; to sort wool or thread according to its fineness. \ (v. t.) To reduce to order from a confused state. \ (v. t.) To conjoin; to put together in distribution; to class. \ (v. t.) To choose from a number; to select; to cull. \ (v. t.) To conform; to adapt; to accommodate. \ (v. i.) To join or associate with others, esp. with others of the same kind or species; to agree. \ (v. i.) To suit; to fit; to be in accord; to harmonize.
insert defeat v. to cause to lose in a battle or struggle; n. a loss; the condition of having lost \ (v. t.) To undo; to disfigure; to destroy. \ (v. t.) To render null and void, as a title; to frustrate, as hope; to deprive, as of an estate. \ (v. t.) To overcome or vanquish, as an army; to check, disperse, or ruin by victory; to overthrow. \ (v. t.) To resist with success; as, to defeat an assault. \ (v.) An undoing or annulling; destruction. \ (v.) Frustration by rendering null and void, or by prevention of success, the defeat of a plan or design. \ (v.) An overthrow, as of an army in battle; loss of a battle; repulse suffered; discomfiture; -- opposed to victory.
insert cherry (n.) A tree or shrub of the genus Prunus (Which also includes the plum) bearing a fleshy drupe with a bony stone \ (n.) The common garden cherry (Prunus Cerasus), of which several hundred varieties are cultivated for the fruit, some of which are, the begarreau, blackheart, black Tartarian, oxheart, morelle or morello, May-duke (corrupted from Medoc in France). \ (n.) The wild cherry; as, Prunus serotina (wild black cherry), valued for its timber; P. Virginiana (choke cherry), an American shrub which bears astringent fruit; P. avium and P. Padus, European trees (bird cherry). \ (n.) The fruit of the cherry tree, a drupe of various colors and flavors. \ (n.) The timber of the cherry tree, esp. of the black cherry, used in cabinetmaking, etc. \ (n.) A peculiar shade of red, like that of a cherry. \ (a.) Like a red cherry in color; ruddy; blooming, a cherry lip; cherry cheeks.
insert interest n. what is important to someone ("He acted to protect his interests." "She had a great interest in painting."); a share in owning a business; money paid for the use of money borrowed \ (n.) To engage the attention of; to awaken interest in; to excite emotion or passion in, in behalf of a person or thing; as, the subject did not interest him; to interest one in charitable work. \ (n.) To be concerned with or engaged in; to affect; to concern; to excite; -- often used impersonally. \ (n.) To cause or permit to share. \ (n.) Excitement of feeling, whether pleasant or painful, accompanying special attention to some object; concern. \ (n.) Participation in advantage, profit, and responsibility; share; portion; part, an interest in a brewery; he has parted with his interest in the stocks. \ (n.) Advantage, personal or general; good, regarded as a selfish benefit; benefit. \ (n.) Premium paid for the use of money, -- usually reckoned as a percentage, interest at five per cent per annum on ten thousand dollars. \ (n.) Any excess of advantage over and above an exact equivalent for what is given or rendered. \ (n.) The persons interested in any particular business or measure, taken collectively, the iron interest; the cotton interest.
insert impression (n.) The act of impressing, or the state of being impressed; the communication of a stamp, mold, style, or character, by external force or by influence. \ (n.) That which is impressed; stamp; mark; indentation; sensible result of an influence exerted from without. \ (n.) That which impresses, or exercises an effect, action, or agency; appearance; phenomenon. \ (n.) Influence or effect on the senses or the intellect hence, interest, concern. \ (n.) An indistinct notion, remembrance, or belief. \ (n.) Impressiveness; emphasis of delivery. \ (n.) The pressure of the type on the paper, or the result of such pressure, as regards its appearance; as, a heavy impression; a clear, or a poor, impression; also, a single copy as the result of printing, or the whole edition printed at a given time. \ (n.) In painting, the first coat of color, as the priming in house painting and the like. \ (n.) A print on paper from a wood block, metal plate, or the like.
insert fourth (a.) Next in order after the third; the ordinal of four. \ (a.) Forming one of four equal parts into which anything may be divided. \ (n.) One of four equal parts into which one whole may be divided; the quotient of a unit divided by four; one coming next in order after the third. \ (n.) The interval of two tones and a semitone, embracing four diatonic degrees of the scale; the subdominant of any key.
insert edge n. the line where something ends or begins \ (v. t.) The thin cutting side of the blade of an instrument; as, the edge of an ax, knife, sword, or scythe. Hence, figuratively, that which cuts as an edge does, or wounds deeply, etc. \ (v. t.) Any sharp terminating border; a margin; a brink; extreme verge, the edge of a table, a precipice. \ (v. t.) Sharpness; readiness of fitness to cut; keenness; intenseness of desire. \ (v. t.) The border or part adjacent to the line of division; the beginning or early part, in the edge of evening. \ (v. t.) To furnish with an edge as a tool or weapon; to sharpen. \ (v. t.) To shape or dress the edge of, as with a tool. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a fringe or border, to edge a dress; to edge a garden with box. \ (v. t.) To make sharp or keen; to incite; to exasperate; to goad; to urge or egg on. \ (v. t.) To move by little and little or cautiously, as by pressing forward edgewise, edging their chairs forwards. \ (v. i.) To move sideways; to move gradually, edge along this way. \ (v. i.) To sail close to the wind.
insert has 3d pers. sing. pres. of Have. \ of Have
insert heat v. to make hot or warm; n. great warmth; that which is produced by burning fuel; energy from the sun \ (n.) A force in nature which is recognized in various effects, but especially in the phenomena of fusion and evaporation, and which, as manifested in fire, the sun's rays, mechanical action, chemical combination, etc., becomes directly known to us through the sense of feeling. In its nature heat is a mode if motion, being in general a form of molecular disturbance or vibration. It was formerly supposed to be a subtile, imponderable fluid, to which was given the name caloric. \ (n.) The sensation caused by the force or influence of heat when excessive, or above that which is normal to the human body; the bodily feeling experienced on exposure to fire; the reverse of cold. \ (n.) High temperature, as distinguished from low temperature, or cold; as, the heat of summer and the cold of winter; heat of the skin or body in fever, etc. \ (n.) Indication of high temperature; appearance, condition, or color of a body, as indicating its temperature; redness; high color; flush; degree of temperature to which something is heated, as indicated by appearance, or otherwise. \ (n.) A single complete operation of heating, as at a forge or in a furnace, to make a horseshoe in a certain number of heats. \ (n.) A violent action unintermitted; a single effort; a single course in a race that consists of two or more courses, he won two heats out of three. \ (n.) Utmost violence; rage; vehemence, the heat of battle or party. \ (n.) Agitation of mind; inflammation or excitement; exasperation. \ (n.) Animation, as in discourse; ardor; fervency. \ (n.) Sexual excitement in animals. \ (n.) Fermentation. \ (v. t.) To make hot; to communicate heat to, or cause to grow warm, to heat an oven or furnace, an iron, or the like. \ (v. t.) To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish. \ (v. t.) To excite ardor in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame, as the passions. \ (v. i.) To grow warm or hot by the action of fire or friction, or the communication of heat, the iron or the water heats slowly. \ (v. i.) To grow warm or hot by fermentation, or the development of heat by chemical action, green hay heats in a mow, and manure in the dunghill. \ (imp. & p. p.) Heated, the iron though heat red-hot.
insert scene (n.) The structure on which a spectacle or play is exhibited; the part of a theater in which the acting is done, with its adjuncts and decorations; the stage. \ (n.) The decorations and fittings of a stage, representing the place in which the action is supposed to go on; one of the slides, or other devices, used to give an appearance of reality to the action of a play; as, to paint scenes; to shift the scenes; to go behind the scenes. \ (n.) So much of a play as passes without change of locality or time, or important change of character; hence, a subdivision of an act; a separate portion of a play, subordinate to the act, but differently determined in different plays, an act of four scenes. \ (n.) The place, time, circumstance, etc., in which anything occurs, or in which the action of a story, play, or the like, is laid; surroundings amid which anything is set before the imagination; place of occurrence, exhibition, or action. \ (n.) An assemblage of objects presented to the view at once; a series of actions and events exhibited in their connection; a spectacle; a show; an exhibition; a view. \ (n.) A landscape, or part of a landscape; scenery. \ (n.) An exhibition of passionate or strong feeling before others; often, an artifical or affected action, or course of action, done for effect; a theatrical display. \ (v. t.) To exhibit as a scene; to make a scene of; to display.
insert reply (v. i.) To make a return in words or writing; to respond; to answer. \ (v. i.) To answer a defendant's plea. \ (v. i.) Figuratively, to do something in return for something done; as, to reply to a signal; to reply to the fire of a battery. \ (v. t.) To return for an answer. \ (v. i.) That which is said, written, or done in answer to what is said, or done by another; an answer; a response.
insert ninety (a.) Nine times ten; eighty-nine and one more; as, ninety men. \ (n.) The sum of nine times ten; the number greater by a unit than eighty-nine; ninety units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing ninety units, as 90 or xc.
insert valuable (a.) Having value or worth; possessing qualities which are useful and esteemed; precious; costly; as, a valuable horse; valuable land; a valuable cargo. \ (a.) Worthy; estimable; deserving esteem, a valuable friend; a valuable companion. \ (n.) A precious possession; a thing of value, especially a small thing, as an article of jewelry; -- used mostly in the plural.
insert major ad. great in size, importance or amount \ (a.) Greater in number, quantity, or extent; as, the major part of the assembly; the major part of the revenue; the major part of the territory. \ (a.) Of greater dignity; more important. \ (a.) Of full legal age. \ (a.) Greater by a semitone, either in interval or in difference of pitch from another tone. \ (a.) An officer next in rank above a captain and next below a lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer. \ (a.) A person of full age. \ (a.) That premise which contains the major term. It its the first proposition of a regular syllogism; as: No unholy person is qualified for happiness in heaven [the major]. Every man in his natural state is unholy [minor]. Therefore, no man in his natural state is qualified for happiness in heaven [conclusion or inference]. \ (a.) A mayor.
insert activity (n.) The state or quality of being active; nimbleness; agility; vigorous action or operation; energy; active force; as, an increasing variety of human activities.
insert explanation (n.) The act of explaining, expounding, or interpreting; the act of clearing from obscurity and making intelligible; as, the explanation of a passage in Scripture, or of a contract or treaty. \ (n.) That which explains or makes clear, a satisfactory explanation. \ (n.) The meaning attributed to anything by one who explains it; definition; interpretation; sense. \ (n.) A mutual exposition of terms, meaning, or motives, with a view to adjust a misunderstanding, and reconcile differences; reconciliation; agreement, to come to an explanation.
insert equal ad. the same in amount, size, weight or value; having the same rights \ (a.) Agreeing in quantity, quality, degree, value, etc.; having the same magnitude, the same value, the same degree; -- applied to number, quantity, and intensity, and to any subject which admits of them; neither inferior nor superior, greater nor less, better nor worse; corresponding; alike; as, equal quantities of land, water, etc. ; houses of equal size; persons of equal stature or talents; commodities of equal value. \ (a.) Bearing a suitable relation; of just proportion; having competent power, abilities, or means; adequate, he is not equal to the task. \ (a.) Not variable; equable; uniform; even, an equal movement. \ (a.) Evenly balanced; not unduly inclining to either side; characterized by fairness; unbiased; impartial; equitable; just. \ (a.) Of the same interest or concern; indifferent. \ (a.) Intended for voices of one kind only, either all male or all female; -- opposed to mixed. \ (a.) Exactly agreeing with respect to quantity. \ (n.) One not inferior or superior to another; one having the same or a similar age, rank, station, office, talents, strength, or other quality or condition; an equal quantity or number, "If equals be taken from equals the remainders are equal." \ (n.) State of being equal; equality. \ (v. t.) To be or become equal to; to have the same quantity, the same degree or rank, or the like, with; to be commen/urate with. \ (v. t.) To make equal return to; to recompense fully. \ (v. t.) To make equal or equal to; to equalize; hence, to compare or regard as equals; to put on equality.
insert attract (v. t.) To draw to, or cause to tend to; esp. to cause to approach, adhere, or combine; or to cause to resist divulsion, separation, or decomposition. \ (v. t.) To draw by influence of a moral or emotional kind; to engage or fix, as the mind, attention, etc.; to invite or allure; as, to attract admirers. \ (n.) Attraction.
insert naked (a.) Having no clothes on; uncovered; nude; bare; as, a naked body; a naked limb; a naked sword. \ (a.) Having no means of defense or protection; open; unarmed; defenseless. \ (a.) Unprovided with needful or desirable accessories, means of sustenance, etc.; destitute; unaided; bare. \ (a.) Without addition, exaggeration, or excuses; not concealed or disguised; open to view; manifest; plain. \ (a.) Mere; simple; plain. \ (a.) Without pubescence, a naked leaf or stem, or not covered by the customary parts, as a flower without a perianth, a stem without leaves, seeds without a pericarp, buds without bud scales. \ (a.) Not having the full complement of tones; -- said of a chord of only two tones, which requires a third tone to be sounded with them to make the combination pleasing to the ear, a naked fourth or fifth.
insert positive (a.) Having a real position, existence, or energy; existing in fact; real; actual; -- opposed to negative. \ (a.) Derived from an object by itself; not dependent on changing circumstances or relations; absolute; -- opposed to relative; as, the idea of beauty is not positive, but depends on the different tastes individuals. \ (a.) Definitely laid down; explicitly stated; clearly expressed; -- opposed to implied, a positive declaration or promise. \ (a.) Hence: Not admitting of any doubt, condition, qualification, or discretion; not dependent on circumstances or probabilities; not speculative; compelling assent or obedience; peremptory; indisputable; decisive, positive instructions; positive truth; positive proof. \ (a.) Prescribed by express enactment or institution; settled by arbitrary appointment; said of laws. \ (a.) Fully assured; confident; certain; sometimes, overconfident; dogmatic; overbearing; -- said of persons. \ (a.) Having the power of direct action or influence, a positive voice in legislation. \ (a.) Corresponding with the original in respect to the position of lights and shades, instead of having the lights and shades reversed, a positive picture. \ (a.) Electro-positive. \ (a.) Hence, basic; metallic; not acid; -- opposed to negative, and said of metals, bases, and basic radicals. \ (n.) That which is capable of being affirmed; reality. \ (n.) That which settles by absolute appointment. \ (n.) The positive degree or form. \ (n.) A picture in which the lights and shades correspond in position with those of the original, instead of being reversed, as in a negative. \ (n.) The positive plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell. \ (a.) Designating, or pertaining to, a motion or device in which the movement derived from a driver, or the grip or hold of a restraining piece, is communicated through an unyielding intermediate piece or pieces, a claw clutch is a positive clutch, while a friction clutch is not. \ (a.) Designating, a device giving a to-and-fro motion, a positive dobby. \ (a.) Designating a method of steering or turning in which the steering wheels move so that they describe concentric arcs in making a turn, to insure freedom from side slip or harmful resistance.
insert wealth n. a large amount of possessions, money or other things of value \ (n.) Weal; welfare; prosperity; good. \ (n.) Large possessions; a comparative abundance of things which are objects of human desire; esp., abundance of worldly estate; affluence; opulence; riches. \ (n.) In the private sense, all pooperty which has a money value. \ (n.) In the public sense, all objects, esp. material objects, which have economic utility. \ (n.) Those energies, faculties, and habits directly contributing to make people industrially efficient.
insert whose (pron.) The possessive case of who or which. See Who, and Which.
insert reward (v. t.) To give in return, whether good or evil; -- commonly in a good sense; to requite; to recompense; to repay; to compensate. \ (n.) Regard; respect; consideration. \ (n.) That which is given in return for good or evil done or received; esp., that which is offered or given in return for some service or attainment, as for excellence in studies, for the return of something lost, etc.; recompense; requital. \ (n.) Hence, the fruit of one's labor or works. \ (n.) Compensation or remuneration for services; a sum of money paid or taken for doing, or forbearing to do, some act.
insert treasure n. a large collection of money, jewels or other things of great value \ (n.) Wealth accumulated; especially, a stock, or store of money in reserve. \ (n.) A great quantity of anything collected for future use; abundance; plenty. \ (n.) That which is very much valued. \ (v. t.) To collect and deposit, as money or other valuable things, for future use; to lay up; to hoard; usually with up; as, to treasure up gold.
insert volume (n.) A roll; a scroll; a written document rolled up for keeping or for use, after the manner of the ancients. \ (n.) Hence, a collection of printed sheets bound together, whether containing a single work, or a part of a work, or more than one work; a book; a tome; especially, that part of an extended work which is bound up together in one cover; as, a work in four volumes. \ (n.) Anything of a rounded or swelling form resembling a roll; a turn; a convolution; a coil. \ (n.) Dimensions; compass; space occupied, as measured by cubic units, that is, cubic inches, feet, yards, etc.; mass; bulk, the volume of an elephant's body; a volume of gas. \ (n.) Amount, fullness, quantity, or caliber of voice or tone.
insert gentleman (n.) A man well born; one of good family; one above the condition of a yeoman. \ (n.) One of gentle or refined manners; a well-bred man. \ (n.) One who bears arms, but has no title. \ (n.) The servant of a man of rank. \ (n.) A man, irrespective of condition; -- used esp. in the plural (= citizens; people), in addressing men in popular assemblies, etc.
insert safe ad. away from harm or danger \ (superl.) Free from harm, injury, or risk; untouched or unthreatened by danger or injury; unharmed; unhurt; secure; whole; as, safe from disease; safe from storms; safe from foes. \ (superl.) Conferring safety; securing from harm; not exposing to danger; confining securely; to be relied upon; not dangerous, a safe harbor; a safe bridge, etc. \ (superl.) Incapable of doing harm; no longer dangerous; in secure care or custody, the prisoner is safe. \ (n.) A place for keeping things in safety. \ (n.) A strong and fireproof receptacle (as a movable chest of steel, etc., or a closet or vault of brickwork) for containing money, valuable papers, or the like. \ (n.) A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects. \ (v. t.) To render safe; to make right.
insert beach (n.) Pebbles, collectively; shingle. \ (n.) The shore of the sea, or of a lake, which is washed by the waves; especially, a sandy or pebbly shore; the strand. \ (v. t.) To run or drive (as a vessel or a boat) upon a beach; to strand; as, to beach a ship.
insert surface n. the outer side or top of something ("The rocket landed on the surface of the moon.") \ (n.) The exterior part of anything that has length and breadth; one of the limits that bound a solid, esp. the upper face; superficies; the outside; as, the surface of the earth; the surface of a diamond; the surface of the body. \ (n.) Hence, outward or external appearance. \ (n.) A magnitude that has length and breadth without thickness, a plane surface; a spherical surface. \ (n.) That part of the side which is terminated by the flank prolonged, and the angle of the nearest bastion. \ (v. t.) To give a surface to; especially, to cause to have a smooth or plain surface; to make smooth or plain. \ (v. t.) To work over the surface or soil of, as ground, in hunting for gold. \ A small plane or surface, usually capable of adjustment but not of manipulation, for preserving lateral balance in an aeroplane or flying machine.
insert military n. the armed forces of a nation or group; ad. of or about the armed forces \ (a.) Of or pertaining to soldiers, to arms, or to war; belonging to, engaged in, or appropriate to, the affairs of war; as, a military parade; military discipline; military bravery; military conduct; military renown. \ (a.) Performed or made by soldiers, a military election; a military expedition. \ (n.) The whole body of soldiers; soldiery; militia; troops; the army.
insert impossible (a.) Not possible; incapable of being done, of existing, etc.; unattainable in the nature of things, or by means at command; insuperably difficult under the circumstances; absurd or impracticable; not feasible. \ (n.) An impossibility.
insert port n. a city where ships load or unload goods; a place on a coast where ships can be safe from a storm \ (n.) A dark red or purple astringent wine made in Portugal. It contains a large percentage of alcohol. \ (v.) A place where ships may ride secure from storms; a sheltered inlet, bay, or cove; a harbor; a haven. Used also figuratively. \ (v.) In law and commercial usage, a harbor where vessels are admitted to discharge and receive cargoes, from whence they depart and where they finish their voyages. \ (n.) A passageway; an opening or entrance to an inclosed place; a gate; a door; a portal. \ (n.) An opening in the side of a vessel; an embrasure through which cannon may be discharged; a porthole; also, the shutters which close such an opening. \ (n.) A passageway in a machine, through which a fluid, as steam, water, etc., may pass, as from a valve to the interior of the cylinder of a steam engine; an opening in a valve seat, or valve face. \ (v. t.) To carry; to bear; to transport. \ (v. t.) To throw, as a musket, diagonally across the body, with the lock in front, the right hand grasping the small of the stock, and the barrel sloping upward and crossing the point of the left shoulder; as, to port arms. \ (n.) The manner in which a person bears himself; deportment; carriage; bearing; demeanor; hence, manner or style of living, a proud port. \ (n.) The larboard or left side of a ship (looking from the stern toward the bow), a vessel heels to port. See Note under Larboard. Also used adjectively. \ (v. t.) To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; -- said of the helm, and used chiefly in the imperative, as a command, port your helm.
insert gray ad. having the color like that made by mixing black and white \ (superl.) White mixed with black, as the color of pepper and salt, or of ashes, or of hair whitened by age; sometimes, a dark mixed color; as, the soft gray eye of a dove. \ (superl.) Gray-haired; gray-headed; of a gray color; hoary. \ (superl.) Old; mature, gray experience. Ames. \ (n.) A gray color; any mixture of white and black; also, a neutral or whitish tint. \ (n.) An animal or thing of gray color, as a horse, a badger, or a kind of salmon.
insert pistol (n.) The smallest firearm used, intended to be fired from one hand, -- now of many patterns, and bearing a great variety of names. See Illust. of Revolver. \ (v. t.) To shoot with a pistol.
insert everybody (n.) Every person.
insert dark ad. having little or no light ("The room was dark.") \ (a.) Destitute, or partially destitute, of light; not receiving, reflecting, or radiating light; wholly or partially black, or of some deep shade of color; not light-colored; as, a dark room; a dark day; dark cloth; dark paint; a dark complexion. \ (a.) Not clear to the understanding; not easily seen through; obscure; mysterious; hidden. \ (a.) Destitute of knowledge and culture; in moral or intellectual darkness; unrefined; ignorant. \ (a.) Evincing black or foul traits of character; vile; wicked; atrocious, a dark villain; a dark deed. \ (a.) Foreboding evil; gloomy; jealous; suspicious. \ (a.) Deprived of sight; blind. \ (n.) Absence of light; darkness; obscurity; a place where there is little or no light. \ (n.) The condition of ignorance; gloom; secrecy. \ (n.) A dark shade or dark passage in a painting, engraving, or the like, the light and darks are well contrasted. \ (v. t.) To darken to obscure.
insert grandmother n. the mother of a person's father or mother \ (n.) The mother of one's father or mother.
insert duck (n.) A pet; a darling. \ (n.) A linen (or sometimes cotton) fabric, finer and lighter than canvas, -- used for the lighter sails of vessels, the sacking of beds, and sometimes for men's clothing. \ (n.) The light clothes worn by sailors in hot climates. \ (v. t.) To thrust or plunge under water or other liquid and suddenly withdraw. \ (v. t.) To plunge the head of under water, immediately withdrawing it; as, duck the boy. \ (v. t.) To bow; to bob down; to move quickly with a downward motion. \ (v. i.) To go under the surface of water and immediately reappear; to dive; to plunge the head in water or other liquid; to dip. \ (v. i.) To drop the head or person suddenly; to bow. \ (v. t.) Any bird of the subfamily Anatinae, family Anatidae. \ (v. t.) A sudden inclination of the bead or dropping of the person, resembling the motion of a duck in water.
insert complete ad. having all parts; ended or finished \ (a.) Filled up; with no part or element lacking; free from deficiency; entire; perfect; consummate. \ (a.) Finished; ended; concluded; completed; as, the edifice is complete. \ (a.) Having all the parts or organs which belong to it or to the typical form; having calyx, corolla, stamens, and pistil. \ (v. t.) To bring to a state in which there is no deficiency; to perfect; to consummate; to accomplish; to fulfill; to finish, to complete a task, or a poem; to complete a course of education.
insert crown of Crow \ p. p. of Crow. \ (n.) A wreath or garland, or any ornamental fillet encircling the head, especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence, anything given on account of, or obtained by, faithful or successful effort; a reward. \ (n.) A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty, worn by emperors, kings, princes, etc. \ (n.) The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article. \ (n.) Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty. \ (n.) Anything which imparts beauty, splendor, honor, dignity, or finish. \ (n.) Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection. \ (n.) The topmost part of anything; the summit. \ (n.) The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also, the head or brain. \ (n.) The part of a hat above the brim. \ (n.) The part of a tooth which projects above the gum, the top or grinding surface of a tooth. \ (n.) The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve, but in a pointed arch to the apex only. \ (n.) Same as Corona. \ (n.) That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank. \ (n.) The rounding, or rounded part, of the deck from a level line. \ (n.) The bights formed by the several turns of a cable. \ (n.) The upper range of facets in a rose diamond. \ (n.) The dome of a furnace. \ (n.) The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters. \ (n.) A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head, as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure. \ (n.) A size of writing paper. See under Paper. \ (n.) A coin stamped with the image of a crown,a denomination of money; as, the English crown, a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling, or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown, a money of account, etc., worth nearly twenty-seven cents. \ (n.) An ornaments or decoration representing a crown, the paper is stamped with a crown. \ (n.) To cover, decorate, or invest with a crown, to invest with royal dignity and power. \ (n.) To bestow something upon as a mark of honor, or recompense; to adorn; to dignify. \ (n.) To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect. \ (n.) To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges, as the face of a machine pulley. \ (n.) To effect a lodgment upon, as upon the crest of the glacis, or the summit of the breach.
insert different ad. not the same \ (a.) Distinct; separate; not the same; other. \ (a.) Of various or contrary nature, form, or quality; partially or totally unlike; dissimilar; as, different kinds of food or drink; different states of health; different shapes; different degrees of excellence.
insert specific (a.) Of or pertaining to a species; characterizing or constituting a species; possessing the peculiar property or properties of a thing which constitute its species, and distinguish it from other things; as, the specific form of an animal or a plant; the specific qualities of a drug; the specific distinction between virtue and vice. \ (a.) Specifying; definite, or making definite; limited; precise; discriminating, a specific statement. \ (a.) Exerting a peculiar influence over any part of the body; preventing or curing disease by a peculiar adaption, and not on general principles, quinine is a specific medicine in cases of malaria. \ (n.) A specific remedy. See Specific, a., 3. \ (a.) Anything having peculiar adaption to the purpose to which it is applied.
insert skate (n.) A metallic runner with a frame shaped to fit the sole of a shoe, -- made to be fastened under the foot, and used for moving rapidly on ice. \ (v. i.) To move on skates. \ (n.) Any one of numerous species of large, flat elasmobranch fishes of the genus Raia, having a long, slender tail, terminated by a small caudal fin. The pectoral fins, which are large and broad and united to the sides of the body and head, give a somewhat rhombic form to these fishes. The skin is more or less spinose.
insert plain (v. i.) To lament; to bewail; to complain. \ (v. t.) To lament; to mourn over; as, to plain a loss. \ (superl.) Without elevations or depressions; flat; level; smooth; even. See Plane. \ (superl.) Open; clear; unencumbered; equal; fair. \ (superl.) Not intricate or difficult; evident; manifest; obvious; unmistakable. \ (superl.) Void of extraneous beauty or ornament; without conspicious embellishment; not rich; simple. \ (superl.) Not highly cultivated; unsophisticated; free from show or pretension; simple; natural; homely; common. \ (superl.) Free from affectation or disguise; candid; sincere; artless; honest; frank. \ (superl.) Not luxurious; not highly seasoned, plain food. \ (superl.) Without beauty; not handsome, a plain woman. \ (superl.) Not variegated, dyed, or figured, plain muslin. \ (superl.) Not much varied by modulations, a plain tune. \ (adv.) In a plain manner; plainly. \ (a.) Level land; usually, an open field or a broad stretch of land with an even surface, or a surface little varied by inequalities, the plain of Jordan; the American plains, or prairies. \ (a.) A field of battle. \ (v.) To plane or level; to make plain or even on the surface. \ (v.) To make plain or manifest; to explain.
insert interview (n.) A mutual sight or view; a meeting face to face; usually, a formal or official meeting for consultation; a conference; as, the secretary had an interview with the President. \ (n.) A conservation, or questioning, for the purpose of eliciting information for publication; the published statement so elicited. \ (v. t.) To have an interview with; to question or converse with, especially for the purpose of obtaining information for publication.
insert from prep. having a person, place or thing as a beginning or cause ("It is a message from the president."); at a place distant, not near ("The school is five kilometers from my home."); because of ("He is suffering from cancer.") \ (prep.) Out of the neighborhood of; lessening or losing proximity to; leaving behind; by reason of; out of; by aid of; -- used whenever departure, setting out, commencement of action, being, state, occurrence, etc., or procedure, emanation, absence, separation, are to be expressed. It is construed with, and indicates, the point of space or time at which the action, are regarded as setting out or beginning; also, less frequently, the source, the cause, the occasion, out of which anything proceeds; -- the aritithesis and correlative of to; as, it, is one hundred miles from Boston to Springfield; he took his sword from his side; light proceeds from the sun; separate the coarse wool from the fine; men have all sprung from Adam, and often go from good to bad, and from bad to worse; the merit of an action depends on the principle from which it proceeds; men judge of facts from personal knowledge, or from testimony.
insert fortune (n.) The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also, the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success, apportioning happiness and unhappiness, and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life. \ (n.) That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life, or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as, to tell one's fortune. \ (n.) That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially, favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort. \ (n.) Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches, a gentleman of fortune. \ (n.) To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to. \ (n.) To provide with a fortune. \ (n.) To presage; to tell the fortune of. \ (v. i.) To fall out; to happen.
insert prison n. a place where a person is kept as punishment for a crime \ (n.) A place where persons are confined, or restrained of personal liberty; hence, a place or state o/ confinement, restraint, or safe custody. \ (n.) Specifically, a building for the safe custody or confinement of criminals and others committed by lawful authority. \ (v. t.) To imprison; to shut up in, or as in, a prison; to confine; to restrain from liberty. \ (v. t.) To bind (together); to enchain.
insert effort n. an attempt; the work necessary to do something \ (n.) An exertion of strength or power, whether physical or mental, in performing an act or aiming at an object; more or less strenuous endeavor; struggle directed to the accomplishment of an object; as, an effort to scale a wall. \ (n.) A force acting on a body in the direction of its motion. \ (v. t.) To stimulate.
insert January (n.) The first month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert child n. a baby; a boy or girl \ (n.) A son or a daughter; a male or female descendant, in the first degree; the immediate progeny of human parents; -- in law, legitimate offspring. Used also of animals and plants. \ (n.) A descendant, however remote; -- used esp. in the plural; as, the children of Israel; the children of Edom. \ (n.) One who, by character of practice, shows signs of relationship to, or of the influence of, another; one closely connected with a place, occupation, character, etc., a child of God; a child of the devil; a child of disobedience; a child of toil; a child of the people. \ (n.) A noble youth. See Childe. \ (n.) A young person of either sex. esp. one between infancy and youth; hence, one who exhibits the characteristics of a very young person, as innocence, obedience, trustfulness, limited understanding, etc. \ (n.) A female infant. \ (v. i.) To give birth; to produce young.
insert menu (n.) The details of a banquet; a bill of fare.
insert birth (n.) The act or fact of coming into life, or of being born; -- generally applied to human beings; as, the birth of a son. \ (n.) Lineage; extraction; descent; sometimes, high birth; noble extraction. \ (n.) The condition to which a person is born; natural state or position; inherited disposition or tendency. \ (n.) The act of bringing forth, she had two children at a birth. \ (n.) That which is born; that which is produced, whether animal or vegetable. \ (n.) Origin; beginning, the birth of an empire. \ (n.) See Berth.
insert rough ad. not flat or smooth; having an uneven surface; violent; not made well \ (n.) Having inequalities, small ridges, or points, on the surface; not smooth or plain; as, a rough board; a rough stone; rough cloth. \ (n.) Not level; having a broken surface; uneven; -- said of a piece of land, or of a road. \ (n.) Not polished; uncut; -- said of a gem, a rough diamond. \ (n.) Tossed in waves; boisterous; high; -- said of a sea or other piece of water. \ (n.) Marked by coarseness; shaggy; ragged; disordered; -- said of dress, appearance, or the like, a rough coat. \ (n.) Hence, figuratively, lacking refinement, gentleness, or polish. \ (n.) Not courteous or kind; harsh; rude; uncivil, a rough temper. \ (n.) Marked by severity or violence; hard, rough measures or actions. \ (n.) Loud and hoarse; offensive to the ear; grating; -- said of sound, voice, and the like, a rough tone; rough numbers. \ (n.) Austere; harsh to the taste, rough wine. \ (n.) Tempestuous; stormy, rough weather; a rough day. \ (n.) Hastily or carelessly done; wanting finish; incomplete, a rough estimate; a rough draught. \ (n.) Produced offhand. \ (n.) Boisterous weather. \ (n.) A rude fellow; a coarse bully; a rowdy. \ (adv.) In a rough manner; rudely; roughly. \ (v. t.) To render rough; to roughen. \ (v. t.) To break in, as a horse, especially for military purposes. \ (v. t.) To cut or make in a hasty, rough manner; -- with out, to rough out a carving, a sketch.
insert model n. an example; something, usually small, made to show how something will look or work \ (n.) A miniature representation of a thing, with the several parts in due proportion; sometimes, a facsimile of the same size. \ (n.) Something intended to serve, or that may serve, as a pattern of something to be made; a material representation or embodiment of an ideal, a drawing; a plan; as, the clay model of a sculpture; the inventor's model of a machine. \ (n.) Anything which serves, or may serve, as an example for imitation, a government formed on the model of the American constitution; a model of eloquence, virtue, or behavior. \ (n.) That by which a thing is to be measured; standard. \ (n.) Any copy, or resemblance, more or less exact. \ (n.) A person who poses as a pattern to an artist. \ (a.) Suitable to be taken as a model or pattern, a model house; a model husband. \ (v. t.) To plan or form after a pattern; to form in model; to form a model or pattern for; to shape; to mold; to fashion, to model a house or a government; to model an edifice according to the plan delineated. \ (v. i.) To make a copy or a pattern; to design or imitate forms, to model in wax.
insert blood n. red fluid in the body \ (n.) The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals, carrying nourishment to all parts of the body, and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial. \ (n.) Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship. \ (n.) Descent; lineage; especially, honorable birth; the highest royal lineage. \ (n.) Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed. \ (n.) The fleshy nature of man. \ (n.) The shedding of blood; the taking of life, murder; manslaughter; destruction. \ (n.) A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition. \ (n.) Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions. \ (n.) A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay, showy man; a rake. \ (n.) The juice of anything, especially if red. \ (v. t.) To bleed. \ (v. t.) To stain, smear or wet, with blood. \ (v. t.) To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood, as in hunting or war. \ (v. t.) To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
insert retire v. to leave a job or position because one is old or in poor health \ (v. t.) To withdraw; to take away; -- sometimes used reflexively. \ (v. t.) To withdraw from circulation, or from the market; to take up and pay; as, to retire bonds; to retire a note. \ (v. t.) To cause to retire; specifically, to designate as no longer qualified for active service; to place on the retired list, to retire a military or naval officer. \ (v. i.) To go back or return; to draw back or away; to keep aloof; to withdraw or retreat, as from observation; to go into privacy, to retire to his home; to retire from the world, or from notice. \ (v. i.) To retreat from action or danger; to withdraw for safety or pleasure, to retire from battle. \ (v. i.) To withdraw from a public station, or from business, having made a large fortune, he retired. \ (v. i.) To recede; to fall or bend back, the shore of the sea retires in bays and gulfs. \ (v. i.) To go to bed, he usually retires early. \ (n.) The act of retiring, or the state of being retired; also, a place to which one retires. \ (n.) A call sounded on a bugle, announcing to skirmishers that they are to retire, or fall back.
insert concern n. interest, worry ("express concern about"); v. to fear ("to be concerned") \ (v. t.) To relate or belong to; to have reference to or connection with; to affect the interest of; to be of importance to. \ (v. t.) To engage by feeling or sentiment; to interest; as, a good prince concerns himself in the happiness of his subjects. \ (v. i.) To be of importance. \ (n.) That which relates or belongs to one; business; affair. \ (n.) That which affects the welfare or happiness; interest; moment. \ (n.) Interest in, or care for, any person or thing; regard; solicitude; anxiety. \ (n.) Persons connected in business; a firm and its business, a banking concern.
insert fool v. to make someone believe something that is not true; to trick; n. a person who is tricked easily \ (n.) A compound of gooseberries scalded and crushed, with cream; -- commonly called gooseberry fool. \ (n.) One destitute of reason, or of the common powers of understanding; an idiot; a natural. \ (n.) A person deficient in intellect; one who acts absurdly, or pursues a course contrary to the dictates of wisdom; one without judgment; a simpleton; a dolt. \ (n.) One who acts contrary to moral and religious wisdom; a wicked person. \ (n.) One who counterfeits folly; a professional jester or buffoon; a retainer formerly kept to make sport, dressed fantastically in motley, with ridiculous accouterments. \ (v. i.) To play the fool; to trifle; to toy; to spend time in idle sport or mirth. \ (v. t.) To infatuate; to make foolish. \ (v. t.) To use as a fool; to deceive in a shameful or mortifying manner; to impose upon; to cheat by inspiring foolish confidence; as, to fool one out of his money.
insert lemonade (n.) A beverage consisting of lemon juice mixed with water and sweetened.
insert elbow (n.) The joint or bend of the arm; the outer curve in the middle of the arm when bent. \ (n.) Any turn or bend like that of the elbow, in a wall, building, and the like; a sudden turn in a line of coast or course of a river; also, an angular or jointed part of any structure, as the raised arm of a chair or sofa, or a short pipe fitting, turning at an angle or bent. \ (n.) A sharp angle in any surface of wainscoting or other woodwork; the upright sides which flank any paneled work, as the sides of windows, where the jamb makes an elbow with the window back. \ (v. t.) To push or hit with the elbow, as when one pushes by another. \ (v. i.) To jut into an angle; to project or to bend after the manner of an elbow. \ (v. i.) To push rudely along; to elbow one's way.
insert porch (n.) A covered and inclosed entrance to a building, whether taken from the interior, and forming a sort of vestibule within the main wall, or projecting without and with a separate roof. Sometimes the porch is large enough to serve as a covered walk. See also Carriage porch, under Carriage, and Loggia. \ (n.) A portico; a covered walk.
insert hang v. to place something so the highest part is supported and the lower part is not; to kill by hanging \ (v. i.) To suspend; to fasten to some elevated point without support from below; -- often used with up or out; as, to hang a coat on a hook; to hang up a sign; to hang out a banner. \ (v. i.) To fasten in a manner which will allow of free motion upon the point or points of suspension; -- said of a pendulum, a swing, a door, gate, etc. \ (v. i.) To fit properly, as at a proper angle (a part of an implement that is swung in using), as a scythe to its snath, or an ax to its helve. \ (v. i.) To put to death by suspending by the neck; -- a form of capital punishment, to hang a murderer. \ (v. i.) To cover, decorate, or furnish by hanging pictures trophies, drapery, and the like, or by covering with paper hangings; -- said of a wall, a room, etc. \ (v. i.) To paste, as paper hangings, on the walls of a room. \ (v. i.) To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect; to droop, he hung his head in shame. \ (v. i.) To be suspended or fastened to some elevated point without support from below; to dangle; to float; to rest; to remain; to stay. \ (v. i.) To be fastened in such a manner as to allow of free motion on the point or points of suspension. \ (v. i.) To die or be put to death by suspension from the neck. \ (v. i.) To hold for support; to depend; to cling; -- usually with on or upon, this question hangs on a single point. \ (v. i.) To be, or be like, a suspended weight. \ (v. i.) To hover; to impend; to appear threateningly; -- usually with over, evils hang over the country. \ (v. i.) To lean or incline; to incline downward. \ (v. i.) To slope down, hanging grounds. \ (v. i.) To be undetermined or uncertain; to be in suspense; to linger; to be delayed. \ (n.) The manner in which one part or thing hangs upon, or is connected with, another, the hang of a scythe. \ (n.) Connection; arrangement; plan, the hang of a discourse. \ (n.) A sharp or steep declivity or slope. \ (v. i.) Of a ball: To rebound unexpectedly or unusually slowly, due to backward spin on the ball or imperfections of ground. \ (v. t.) To prevent from reaching a decision, esp. by refusing to join in a verdict that must be unanimous, one obstinate juror can hang a jury.
insert effect n. the result or change caused by something ("The storm had a serious effect on the economy.") \ (n.) Execution; performance; realization; operation; as, the law goes into effect in May. \ (n.) Manifestation; expression; sign. \ (n.) In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent, called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit, the effect of luxury. \ (n.) Impression left on the mind; sensation produced. \ (n.) Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account, to speak with effect. \ (n.) Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to. \ (n.) The purport; the sum and substance. \ (n.) Reality; actual meaning; fact, as distinguished from mere appearance. \ (n.) Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property, the people escaped from the town with their effects. \ (v. t.) To produce, as a cause or agent; to cause to be. \ (v. t.) To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
insert hide v. to prevent from being seen or found; to make secret \ (v. t.) To conceal, or withdraw from sight; to put out of view; to secrete. \ (v. t.) To withhold from knowledge; to keep secret; to refrain from avowing or confessing. \ (v. t.) To remove from danger; to shelter. \ (v. i.) To lie concealed; to keep one's self out of view; to be withdrawn from sight or observation. \ (n.) An abode or dwelling. \ (n.) A measure of land, common in Domesday Book and old English charters, the quantity of which is not well ascertained, but has been differently estimated at 80, 100, and 120 acres. \ (n.) The skin of an animal, either raw or dressed; -- generally applied to the undressed skins of the larger domestic animals, as oxen, horses, etc. \ (n.) The human skin; -- so called in contempt. \ (v. t.) To flog; to whip.
insert thirteenth (a.) Next in order after the twelfth; the third after the tenth; -- the ordinal of thirteen; as, the thirteenth day of the month. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of thirteen equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by thirteen; one of thirteen equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The next in order after the twelfth. \ (n.) The interval comprising an octave and a sixth.
insert fine n. a payment ordered by a court to punish someone for a crime; ad. very good; very small or thin \ (superl.) Finished; brought to perfection; refined; hence, free from impurity; excellent; superior; elegant; worthy of admiration; accomplished; beautiful. \ (superl.) Aiming at show or effect; loaded with ornament; overdressed or overdecorated; showy. \ (superl.) Nice; delicate; subtle; exquisite; artful; skillful; dexterous. \ (superl.) Not coarse, gross, or heavy \ (superl.) Not gross; subtile; thin; tenous. \ (superl.) Not coarse; comminuted; in small particles; as, fine sand or flour. \ (superl.) Not thick or heavy; slender; filmy, a fine thread. \ (superl.) Thin; attenuate; keen, a fine edge. \ (superl.) Made of fine materials; light, fine linen or silk. \ (superl.) Having (such) a proportion of pure metal in its composition, coins nine tenths fine. \ (superl.) (Used ironically.) \ (a.) To make fine; to refine; to purify, to clarify, to fine gold. \ (a.) To make finer, or less coarse, as in bulk, texture, etc.; as. to fine the soil. \ (a.) To change by fine gradations; as (Naut.), to fine down a ship's lines, to diminish her lines gradually. \ (n.) End; conclusion; termination; extinction. \ (n.) A sum of money paid as the settlement of a claim, or by way of terminating a matter in dispute; especially, a payment of money imposed upon a party as a punishment for an offense; a mulct. \ (n.) A final agreement concerning lands or rents between persons, as the lord and his vassal. \ (n.) A sum of money or price paid for obtaining a benefit, favor, or privilege, as for admission to a copyhold, or for obtaining or renewing a lease. \ (n.) To impose a pecuniary penalty upon for an offense or breach of law; to set a fine on by judgment of a court; to punish by fine; to mulct, the trespassers were fined ten dollars. \ (v. i.) To pay a fine. See Fine, n., 3 (b). \ (v. t.) To finish; to cease; or to cause to cease. \ (adv.) Finely; well; elegantly; fully; delicately; mincingly. \ (adv.) In a manner so that the driven ball strikes the object ball so far to one side as to be deflected but little, the object ball being driven to one side. \ (v. i.) To become fine (in any one of various senses), the ale will fine; the weather fined.
insert rid imp. & p. p. of Ride, v. i. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Rid \ (v. t.) To save; to rescue; to deliver; -- with out of. \ (v. t.) To free; to clear; to disencumber; -- followed by of. \ (v. t.) To drive away; to remove by effort or violence; to make away with; to destroy. \ (v. t.) To get over; to dispose of; to dispatch; to finish. \ of Ride \ of Ride
insert reader (n.) One who reads. \ (n.) One whose distinctive office is to read prayers in a church. \ (n.) One who reads lectures on scientific subjects. \ (n.) A proof reader. \ (n.) One who reads manuscripts offered for publication and advises regarding their merit. \ (n.) One who reads much; one who is studious. \ (n.) A book containing a selection of extracts for exercises in reading; an elementary book for practice in a language; a reading book.
insert data (n. pl.) See Datum. \ (pl. ) of Datum
insert cost n. the price or value of something ("The cost of the book is five dollars."); v. to be valued at ("The book costs five dollars.") \ (n.) A rib; a side; a region or coast. \ (n.) See Cottise. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Cost \ (v. t.) To require to be given, expended, or laid out therefor, as in barter, purchase, acquisition, etc.; to cause the cost, expenditure, relinquishment, or loss of; as, the ticket cost a dollar; the effort cost his life. \ (v. t.) To require to be borne or suffered; to cause. \ (v. t.) The amount paid, charged, or engaged to be paid, for anything bought or taken in barter; charge; expense; hence, whatever, as labor, self-denial, suffering, is requisite to secure benefit. \ (v. t.) Loss of any kind; detriment; pain; suffering. \ (v. t.) Expenses incurred in litigation.
insert raw (superl.) Not altered from its natural state; not prepared by the action of heat; as, raw sienna; specifically, not cooked; not changed by heat to a state suitable for eating; not done, raw meat. \ (superl.) Hence: Unprepared for use or enjoyment; immature; unripe; unseasoned; inexperienced; unpracticed; untried, raw soldiers; a raw recruit. \ (superl.) Not worked in due form; in the natural state; untouched by art; unwrought. \ (superl.) Not distilled, raw water \ (superl.) Not spun or twisted, raw silk or cotton \ (superl.) Not mixed or diluted, raw spirits \ (superl.) Not tried; not melted and strained, raw tallow \ (superl.) Not tanned, raw hides \ (superl.) Not trimmed, covered, or folded under, the raw edge of a piece of metal or of cloth. \ (superl.) Not covered; bare. \ (superl.) Bald. \ (superl.) Deprived of skin; galled, a raw sore. \ (superl.) Sore, as if by being galled. \ (superl.) Disagreeably damp or cold; chilly; bleak, a raw wind. \ (n.) A raw, sore, or galled place; a sensitive spot, to touch one on the raw.
insert excitement (n.) The act of exciting, or the state of being roused into action, or of having increased action; impulsion; agitation; as, an excitement of the people. \ (n.) That which excites or rouses; that which moves, stirs, or induces action; a motive. \ (n.) A state of aroused or increased vital activity in an organism, or any of its organs or tissues.
insert present v. to offer for consideration ("We will present our idea to the committee."); n. a gift ("I gave them a present for their anniversary."); now ("The present time is a good time."); ad. to be at a place ("I was present at school yesterday.") \ (a.) Being at hand, within reach or call, within certain contemplated limits; -- opposed to absent. \ (a.) Now existing, or in process; begun but not ended; now in view, or under consideration; being at this time; not past or future; as, the present session of Congress; the present state of affairs; the present instance. \ (a.) Not delayed; immediate; instant; coincident. \ (a.) Ready; quick in emergency; as a present wit. \ (a.) Favorably attentive; propitious. \ (a.) Present time; the time being; time in progress now, or at the moment contemplated, at this present. \ (a.) Present letters or instrument, as a deed of conveyance, a lease, letter of attorney, or other writing; as in the phrase, " Know all men by these presents," that is, by the writing itself, " per has literas praesentes; " -- in this sense, rarely used in the singular. \ (a.) A present tense, or the form of the verb denoting the present tense. \ (a.) To bring or introduce into the presence of some one, especially of a superior; to introduce formally; to offer for acquaintance, to present an envoy to the king; (with the reciprocal pronoun) to come into the presence of a superior. \ (a.) To exhibit or offer to view or notice; to lay before one's perception or cognizance; to set forth; to present a fine appearance. \ (a.) To pass over, esp. in a ceremonious manner; to give in charge or possession; to deliver; to make over. \ (a.) To make a gift of; to bestow; to give, generally in a formal or ceremonious manner; to grant; to confer. \ (a.) Hence: To endow; to bestow a gift upon; to favor, as with a donation; also, to court by gifts. \ (a.) To present; to personate. \ (a.) To nominate to an ecclesiastical benefice; to offer to the bishop or ordinary as a candidate for institution. \ (a.) To nominate for support at a public school or other institution . \ (a.) To lay before a public body, or an official, for consideration, as before a legislature, a court of judicature, a corporation, etc., to present a memorial, petition, remonstrance, or indictment. \ (a.) To lay before a court as an object of inquiry; to give notice officially of, as a crime of offence; to find or represent judicially, a grand jury present certain offenses or nuisances, or whatever they think to be public injuries. \ (a.) To bring an indictment against . \ (a.) To aim, point, or direct, as a weapon, to present a pistol or the point of a sword to the breast of another. \ (v. i.) To appear at the mouth of the uterus so as to be perceptible to the finger in vaginal examination; -- said of a part of an infant during labor. \ (n.) Anything presented or given; a gift; a donative, a Christmas present. \ (n.) The position of a soldier in presenting arms, to stand at present.
insert attack n. a violent attempt to damage, injure or kill; v. to start a fight \ (v. t.) To fall upon with force; to assail, as with force and arms; to assault. \ (v. t.) To assail with unfriendly speech or writing; to begin a controversy with; to attempt to overthrow or bring into disrepute, by criticism or satire; to censure; as, to attack a man, or his opinions, in a pamphlet. \ (v. t.) To set to work upon, as upon a task or problem, or some object of labor or investigation. \ (v. t.) To begin to affect; to begin to act upon, injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste. \ (v. i.) To make an onset or attack. \ (n.) The act of attacking, or falling on with force or violence; an onset; an assault; -- opposed to defense. \ (n.) An assault upon one's feelings or reputation with unfriendly or bitter words. \ (n.) A setting to work upon some task, etc. \ (n.) An access of disease; a fit of sickness. \ (n.) The beginning of corrosive, decomposing, or destructive action, by a chemical agent.
insert expense (n.) A spending or consuming; disbursement; expenditure. \ (n.) That which is expended, laid out, or consumed; cost; outlay; charge; -- sometimes with the notion of loss or damage to those on whom the expense falls; as, the expenses of war; an expense of time. \ (n.) Loss.
insert natural ad. of or about nature; normal; common to its kind \ (a.) Fixed or determined by nature; pertaining to the constitution of a thing; belonging to native character; according to nature; essential; characteristic; not artifical, foreign, assumed, put on, or acquired; as, the natural growth of animals or plants; the natural motion of a gravitating body; natural strength or disposition; the natural heat of the body; natural color. \ (a.) Conformed to the order, laws, or actual facts, of nature; consonant to the methods of nature; according to the stated course of things, or in accordance with the laws which govern events, feelings, etc.; not exceptional or violent; legitimate; regular, the natural consequence of crime; a natural death. \ (a.) Having to do with existing system to things; dealing with, or derived from, the creation, or the world of matter and mind, as known by man; within the scope of human reason or experience; not supernatural, a natural law; natural science; history, theology. \ (a.) Conformed to truth or reality \ (a.) Springing from true sentiment; not artifical or exaggerated; -- said of action, delivery, a natural gesture, tone, etc. \ (a.) Resembling the object imitated; true to nature; according to the life; -- said of anything copied or imitated, a portrait is natural. \ (a.) Having the character or sentiments properly belonging to one's position; not unnatural in feelings. \ (a.) Connected by the ties of consanguinity. \ (a.) Begotten without the sanction of law; born out of wedlock; illegitimate; bastard, a natural child. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the lower or animal nature, as contrasted with the higher or moral powers, or that which is spiritual; being in a state of nature; unregenerate. \ (a.) Belonging to, to be taken in, or referred to, some system, in which the base is 1; -- said or certain functions or numbers, natural numbers, those commencing at 1; natural sines, cosines, those taken in arcs whose radii are 1. \ (a.) Produced by natural organs, as those of the human throat, in distinction from instrumental music. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a key which has neither a flat nor a sharp for its signature, as the key of C major. \ (a.) Applied to an air or modulation of harmony which moves by easy and smooth transitions, digressing but little from the original key. \ (n.) A native; an aboriginal. \ (n.) Natural gifts, impulses, etc. \ (n.) One born without the usual powers of reason or understanding; an idiot. \ (n.) A character [/] used to contradict, or to remove the effect of, a sharp or flat which has preceded it, and to restore the unaltered note.
insert mark v. to make a sign or cut on something \ (n.) A license of reprisals. See Marque. \ (n.) An old weight and coin. See Marc. \ (n.) The unit of monetary account of the German Empire, equal to 23.8 cents of United States money; the equivalent of one hundred pfennigs. Also, a silver coin of this value. \ (n.) A visible sign or impression made or left upon anything; esp., a line, point, stamp, figure, or the like, drawn or impressed, so as to attract the attention and convey some information or intimation; a token; a trace. \ (n.) A character or device put on an article of merchandise by the maker to show by whom it was made; a trade-mark. \ (n.) A character (usually a cross) made as a substitute for a signature by one who can not write. \ (n.) A fixed object serving for guidance, as of a ship, a traveler, a surveyor, etc.; as, a seamark, a landmark. \ (n.) A trace, dot, line, imprint, or discoloration, although not regarded as a token or sign; a scratch, scar, stain, this pencil makes a fine mark. \ (n.) An evidence of presence, agency, or influence; a significative token; a symptom; a trace; specifically, a permanent impression of one's activity or character. \ (n.) That toward which a missile is directed; a thing aimed at; what one seeks to hit or reach. \ (n.) Attention, regard, or respect. \ (n.) Limit or standard of action or fact, to be within the mark; to come up to the mark. \ (n.) Badge or sign of honor, rank, or official station. \ (n.) Preeminence; high position, particians of mark; a fellow of no mark. \ (n.) A characteristic or essential attribute; a differential. \ (n.) A number or other character used in registring, examination marks; a mark for tardiness. \ (n.) Image; likeness; hence, those formed in one's image; children; descendants. \ (n.) One of the bits of leather or colored bunting which are placed upon a sounding line at intervals of from two to five fathoms. The unmarked fathoms are called "deeps." \ (v. t.) To put a mark upon; to affix a significant mark to; to make recognizable by a mark, to mark a box or bale of merchandise; to mark clothing. \ (v. t.) To be a mark upon; to designate; to indicate; -- used literally and figuratively, this monument marks the spot where Wolfe died; his courage and energy marked him for a leader. \ (v. t.) To leave a trace, scratch, or other mark, upon, or any evidence of action, a pencil marks paper; his hobnails marked the floor. \ (v. t.) To keep account of; to enumerate and register, to mark the points in a game of billiards or cards. \ (v. t.) To notice or observe; to give attention to; to take note of; to remark; to heed; to regard. \ (v. i.) To take particular notice; to observe critically; to note; to remark.
insert rest v. to sit, lie down or sleep to regain strength; n. that which remains; the others \ (v. t.) To arrest. \ (n.) A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as, rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind. \ (n.) Hence, freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security. \ (n.) Sleep; slumber; hence, poetically, death. \ (n.) That on which anything rests or leans for support, a rest in a lathe, for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work. \ (n.) A projection from the right side of the cuirass, serving to support the lance. \ (n.) A place where one may rest, either temporarily, as in an inn, or permanently, in an abode. \ (n.) A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura. \ (n.) The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account. \ (n.) A set or game at tennis. \ (n.) Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are, whole, half, quarter,etc. \ (n.) To cease from action or motion, especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion. \ (n.) To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still. \ (n.) To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan, to rest on a couch. \ (n.) To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported, a column rests on its pedestal. \ (n.) To sleep; to slumber, to be dead. \ (n.) To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety, to rest on a man's promise. \ (n.) To be satisfied; to acquiesce. \ (v. t.) To lay or place at rest; to quiet. \ (v. t.) To place, as on a support; to cause to lean. \ (n.) That which is left, or which remains after the separation of a part, either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue. \ (n.) Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others. \ (n.) A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends, etc.; in the Bank of England, the balance of assets above liabilities. \ (v. i.) To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
insert fan (n.) An instrument used for producing artificial currents of air, by the wafting or revolving motion of a broad surface \ (n.) An instrument for cooling the person, made of feathers, paper, silk, etc., and often mounted on sticks all turning about the same pivot, so as when opened to radiate from the center and assume the figure of a section of a circle. \ (n.) Any revolving vane or vanes used for producing currents of air, in winnowing grain, blowing a fire, ventilation, or for checking rapid motion by the resistance of the air; a fan blower; a fan wheel. \ (n.) An instrument for winnowing grain, by moving which the grain is tossed and agitated, and the chaff is separated and blown away. \ (n.) Something in the form of a fan when spread, as a peacock's tail, a window, etc. \ (n.) A small vane or sail, used to keep the large sails of a smock windmill always in the direction of the wind. \ (n.) That which produces effects analogous to those of a fan, as in exciting a flame; that which inflames, heightens, or strengthens; as, it served as a fan to the flame of his passion. \ (n.) A quintain; -- from its form. \ (n.) To move as with a fan. \ (n.) To cool and refresh, by moving the air with a fan; to blow the air on the face of with a fan. \ (n.) To ventilate; to blow on; to affect by air put in motion. \ (n.) To winnow; to separate chaff from, and drive it away by a current of air, to fan wheat. \ (n.) To excite or stir up to activity, as a fan axcites a flame; to stimulate, this conduct fanned the excitement of the populace.
insert sample (n.) Example; pattern. \ (n.) A part of anything presented for inspection, or shown as evidence of the quality of the whole; a specimen; as, goods are often purchased by samples. \ (v. t.) To make or show something similar to; to match. \ (v. t.) To take or to test a sample or samples of, to sample sugar, teas, wools, cloths.
insert teapot (n.) A vessel with a spout, in which tea is made, and from which it is poured into teacups.
insert wipe (n.) The lapwing. \ (v. t.) To rub with something soft for cleaning; to clean or dry by rubbing; as, to wipe the hands or face with a towel. \ (v. t.) To remove by rubbing; to rub off; to obliterate; -- usually followed by away, off or out. Also used figuratively. \ (v. t.) To cheat; to defraud; to trick; -- usually followed by out. \ (n.) Act of rubbing, esp. in order to clean. \ (n.) A blow; a stroke; a hit; a swipe. \ (n.) A gibe; a jeer; a severe sarcasm. \ (n.) A handkerchief. \ (n.) Stain; brand.
insert kilometer (n.) Alt. of Kilometre
insert such ad. of this or that kind; of the same kind as; similar to \ (a.) Of that kind; of the like kind; like; resembling; similar; as, we never saw such a day; -- followed by that or as introducing the word or proposition which defines the similarity, or the standard of comparison, the books are not such that I can recommend them, or, not such as I can recommend; these apples are not such as those we saw yesterday; give your children such precepts as tend to make them better. \ (a.) Having the particular quality or character specified. \ (a.) The same that; -- with as, this was the state of the kingdom at such time as the enemy landed. \ (a.) Certain; -- representing the object as already particularized in terms which are not mentioned.
insert feeling (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Feel \ (a.) Possessing great sensibility; easily affected or moved; as, a feeling heart. \ (a.) Expressive of great sensibility; attended by, or evincing, sensibility, he made a feeling representation of his wrongs. \ (n.) The sense by which the mind, through certain nerves of the body, perceives external objects, or certain states of the body itself; that one of the five senses which resides in the general nerves of sensation distributed over the body, especially in its surface; the sense of touch; nervous sensibility to external objects. \ (n.) An act or state of perception by the sense above described; an act of apprehending any object whatever; an act or state of apprehending the state of the soul itself; consciousness. \ (n.) The capacity of the soul for emotional states; a high degree of susceptibility to emotions or states of the sensibility not dependent on the body, a man of feeling; a man destitute of feeling. \ (n.) Any state or condition of emotion; the exercise of the capacity for emotion; any mental state whatever, a right or a wrong feeling in the heart; our angry or kindly feelings; a feeling of pride or of humility. \ (n.) That quality of a work of art which embodies the mental emotion of the artist, and is calculated to affect similarly the spectator.
insert away ad. not near \ (adv.) From a place; hence. \ (adv.) Absent; gone; at a distance; as, the master is away from home. \ (adv.) Aside; off; in another direction. \ (adv.) From a state or condition of being; out of existence. \ (adv.) By ellipsis of the verb, equivalent to an imperative: Go or come away; begone; take away. \ (adv.) On; in continuance; without intermission or delay, sing away.
insert balloon n. a device of strong, light material that rises when filled with gas lighter than air \ (n.) A bag made of silk or other light material, and filled with hydrogen gas or heated air, so as to rise and float in the atmosphere; especially, one with a car attached for aerial navigation. \ (n.) A ball or globe on the top of a pillar, church, etc., as at St. Paul's, in London. \ (n.) A round vessel, usually with a short neck, to hold or receive whatever is distilled; a glass vessel of a spherical form. \ (n.) A bomb or shell. \ (n.) A game played with a large inflated ball. \ (n.) The outline inclosing words represented as coming from the mouth of a pictured figure. \ (v. t.) To take up in, or as if in, a balloon. \ (v. i.) To go up or voyage in a balloon. \ (v. i.) To expand, or puff out, like a balloon.
insert cough (v. i.) To expel air, or obstructing or irritating matter, from the lungs or air passages, in a noisy and violent manner. \ (v. t.) To expel from the lungs or air passages by coughing; -- followed by up; as, to cough up phlegm. \ (v. t.) To bring to a specified state by coughing, he coughed himself hoarse. \ (v. i.) A sudden, noisy, and violent expulsion of air from the chest, caused by irritation in the air passages, or by the reflex action of nervous or gastric disorder, etc. \ (v. i.) The more or less frequent repetition of coughing, constituting a symptom of disease.
insert ninetieth (a.) Next in order after the eighty-ninth. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of ninety equal parts. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by ninety; one of ninety equal parts of anything. \ (n.) The next in order after the eighty-ninth.
insert wallet (n.) A bag or sack for carrying about the person, as a bag for carrying the necessaries for a journey; a knapsack; a beggar's receptacle for charity; a peddler's pack. \ (n.) A pocketbook for keeping money about the person. \ (n.) Anything protuberant and swagging.
insert rather (a.) Prior; earlier; former. \ (a.) Earlier; sooner; before. \ (a.) More readily or willingly; preferably. \ (a.) On the other hand; to the contrary of what was said or suggested; instead. \ (a.) Of two alternatives conceived of, this by preference to, or as more likely than, the other; somewhat. \ (a.) More properly; more correctly speaking. \ (a.) In some degree; somewhat; as, the day is rather warm; the house is rather damp.
insert spy v. to steal or get information secretly; n. one who watches others secretly; a person employed by a government to get secret information about another country \ (v. t.) To gain sight of; to discover at a distance, or in a state of concealment; to espy; to see. \ (v. t.) To discover by close search or examination. \ (v. t.) To explore; to view; inspect; and examine secretly, as a country; -- usually with out. \ (v. i.) To search narrowly; to scrutinize. \ (n.) One who keeps a constant watch of the conduct of others. \ (n.) A person sent secretly into an enemy's camp, territory, or fortifications, to inspect his works, ascertain his strength, movements, or designs, and to communicate such intelligence to the proper officer.
insert opportunity (n.) Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance. \ (n.) Convenience of situation; fitness. \ (n.) Importunity; earnestness.
insert thirtieth (a.) Next in order after the twenty-ninth; the tenth after the twentieth; -- the ordinal of thirty; as, the thirtieth day of the month. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of thirty equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by thirty; one of thirty equal parts.
insert company n. a business organized for trade, industrial or other purposes \ (n.) The state of being a companion or companions; the act of accompanying; fellowship; companionship; society; friendly intercourse. \ (n.) A companion or companions. \ (n.) An assemblage or association of persons, either permanent or transient. \ (n.) Guests or visitors, in distinction from the members of a family; as, to invite company to dine. \ (n.) Society, in general; people assembled for social intercourse. \ (n.) An association of persons for the purpose of carrying on some enterprise or business; a corporation; a firm, the East India Company; an insurance company; a joint-stock company. \ (n.) Partners in a firm whose names are not mentioned in its style or title; -- often abbreviated in writing, Hottinguer & Co. \ (n.) A subdivision of a regiment of troops under the command of a captain, numbering in the United States (full strength) 100 men. \ (n.) The crew of a ship, including the officers, a whole ship's company. \ (n.) The body of actors employed in a theater or in the production of a play. \ (v. t.) To accompany or go with; to be companion to. \ (v. i.) To associate. \ (v. i.) To be a gay companion. \ (v. i.) To have sexual commerce.
insert building n. anything built for use as a house, factory, office, school, store or place of entertainment \ (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Build \ (n.) The act of constructing, erecting, or establishing. \ (n.) The art of constructing edifices, or the practice of civil architecture. \ (n.) That which is built; a fabric or edifice constructed, as a house, a church, etc.
insert problem n. a difficult question or situation with an unknown or unclear answer \ (n.) A question proposed for solution; a matter stated for examination or proof; hence, a matter difficult of solution or settlement; a doubtful case; a question involving doubt. \ (n.) Anything which is required to be done; as, in geometry, to bisect a line, to draw a perpendicular; or, in algebra, to find an unknown quantity.
insert blow v. to move with force, as in air ("The wind blows.") \ (v. i.) To flower; to blossom; to bloom. \ (v. t.) To cause to blossom; to put forth (blossoms or flowers). \ (n.) A blossom; a flower; also, a state of blossoming; a mass of blossoms. \ (n.) A forcible stroke with the hand, fist, or some instrument, as a rod, a club, an ax, or a sword. \ (n.) A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault. \ (n.) The infliction of evil; a sudden calamity; something which produces mental, physical, or financial suffering or loss (esp. when sudden); a buffet. \ (v. i.) To produce a current of air; to move, as air, esp. to move rapidly or with power; as, the wind blows. \ (v. i.) To send forth a forcible current of air, as from the mouth or from a pair of bellows. \ (v. i.) To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff. \ (v. i.) To sound on being blown into, as a trumpet. \ (v. i.) To spout water, etc., from the blowholes, as a whale. \ (v. i.) To be carried or moved by the wind, the dust blows in from the street. \ (v. i.) To talk loudly; to boast; to storm. \ (v. t.) To force a current of air upon with the mouth, or by other means, to blow the fire. \ (v. t.) To drive by a current air; to impel, the tempest blew the ship ashore. \ (v. t.) To cause air to pass through by the action of the mouth, or otherwise; to cause to sound, as a wind instrument, to blow a trumpet; to blow an organ. \ (v. t.) To clear of contents by forcing air through, to blow an egg; to blow one's nose. \ (v. t.) To burst, shatter, or destroy by an explosion; -- usually with up, down, open, or similar adverb, to blow up a building. \ (v. t.) To spread by report; to publish; to disclose. \ (v. t.) To form by inflation; to swell by injecting air, to blow bubbles; to blow glass. \ (v. t.) To inflate, as with pride; to puff up. \ (v. t.) To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue, to blow a horse. \ (v. t.) To deposit eggs or larvae upon, or in (meat, etc.). \ (n.) A blowing, esp., a violent blowing of the wind; a gale, a heavy blow came on, and the ship put back to port. \ (n.) The act of forcing air from the mouth, or through or from some instrument, to give a hard blow on a whistle or horn; to give the fire a blow with the bellows. \ (n.) The spouting of a whale. \ (n.) A single heat or operation of the Bessemer converter. \ (n.) An egg, or a larva, deposited by a fly on or in flesh, or the act of depositing it.
insert huge ad. very big; of great size \ (superl.) Very large; enormous; immense; excessive; -- used esp. of material bulk, but often of qualities, extent, etc.; as, a huge ox; a huge space; a huge difference.
insert October (n.) The tenth month of the year, containing thirty-one days. \ (n.) Ale or cider made in that month.
insert disease n. a sickness in living things, often caused by viruses, germs or bacteria \ (n.) Lack of ease; uneasiness; trouble; vexation; disquiet. \ (n.) An alteration in the state of the body or of some of its organs, interrupting or disturbing the performance of the vital functions, and causing or threatening pain and weakness; malady; affection; illness; sickness; disorder; -- applied figuratively to the mind, to the moral character and habits, to institutions, the state, etc. \ (v. t.) To deprive of ease; to disquiet; to trouble; to distress. \ (v. t.) To derange the vital functions of; to afflict with disease or sickness; to disorder; -- used almost exclusively in the participle diseased.
insert loss (v. t.) The act of losing; failure; destruction; privation; as, the loss of property; loss of money by gaming; loss of health or reputation. \ (v. t.) The state of losing or having lost; the privation, defect, misfortune, harm, etc., which ensues from losing. \ (v. t.) That which is lost or from which one has parted; waste; -- opposed to gain or increase, the loss of liquor by leakage was considerable. \ (v. t.) The state of being lost or destroyed; especially, the wreck or foundering of a ship or other vessel. \ (v. t.) Failure to gain or win, loss of a race or battle. \ (v. t.) Failure to use advantageously, loss of time. \ (v. t.) Killed, wounded, and captured persons, or captured property. \ (v. t.) Destruction or diminution of value, if brought about in a manner provided for in the insurance contract (as destruction by fire or wreck, damage by water or smoke), or the death or injury of an insured person; also, the sum paid or payable therefor, the losses of the company this year amount to a million of dollars.
insert steak (v. t.) A slice of beef, broiled, or cut for broiling; -- also extended to the meat of other large animals; as, venison steak; bear steak; pork steak; turtle steak.
insert smoke v. to use cigarettes or other tobacco products by burning them and breathing in the smoke; n. that which can be seen rising into the air like a cloud from something burning \ (n.) The visible exhalation, vapor, or substance that escapes, or expelled, from a burning body, especially from burning vegetable matter, as wood, coal, peat, or the like. \ (n.) That which resembles smoke; a vapor; a mist. \ (n.) Anything unsubstantial, as idle talk. \ (n.) The act of smoking, esp. of smoking tobacco; as, to have a smoke. \ (n.) To emit smoke; to throw off volatile matter in the form of vapor or exhalation; to reek. \ (n.) Hence, to burn; to be kindled; to rage. \ (n.) To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion. \ (n.) To draw into the mouth the smoke of tobacco burning in a pipe or in the form of a cigar, cigarette, etc.; to habitually use tobacco in this manner. \ (n.) To suffer severely; to be punished. \ (v. t.) To apply smoke to; to hang in smoke; to disinfect, to cure, by smoke, to smoke or fumigate infected clothing; to smoke beef or hams for preservation. \ (v. t.) To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume. \ (v. t.) To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect. \ (v. t.) To ridicule to the face; to quiz. \ (v. t.) To inhale and puff out the smoke of, as tobacco; to burn or use in smoking, to smoke a pipe or a cigar. \ (v. t.) To subject to the operation of smoke, for the purpose of annoying or driving out; -- often with out, to smoke a woodchuck out of his burrow.
insert yellow ad. having the color like that of gold or the sun \ (superl.) Being of a bright saffronlike color; of the color of gold or brass; having the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is between the orange and the green. \ (n.) A bright golden color, reflecting more light than any other except white; the color of that part of the spectrum which is between the orange and green. \ (n.) A yellow pigment. \ (v. t.) To make yellow; to cause to have a yellow tinge or color; to dye yellow. \ (v. i.) To become yellow or yellower. \ (a.) Cowardly; hence, dishonorable; mean; contemptible; as, he has a yellow streak. \ (a.) Sensational; -- said of some newspapers, their makers, etc., yellow journal, journalism
insert chin (n.) The lower extremity of the face below the mouth; the point of the under jaw. \ (n.) The exterior or under surface embraced between the branches of the lower jaw bone, in birds.
insert afternoon (n.) The part of the day which follows noon, between noon and evening.
insert vegetable n. a plant grown for food \ (v.) Of or pertaining to plants; having the nature of, or produced by, plants; as, a vegetable nature; vegetable growths, juices, etc. \ (v.) Consisting of, or comprising, the vegetable kingdom. \ (v.) Plants having distinct flowers and true seeds. \ (v.) Plants without true flowers, and reproduced by minute spores of various kinds, or by simple cell division. \ (n.) A plant. See Plant. \ (n.) A plant used or cultivated for food for man or domestic animals, as the cabbage, turnip, potato, bean, dandelion, etc.; also, the edible part of such a plant, as prepared for market or the table.
insert mean v. to want to; to give the idea of; to have the idea of \ (v. t.) To have in the mind, as a purpose, intention, etc.; to intend; to purpose; to design; as, what do you mean to do ? \ (v. t.) To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote. \ (v. i.) To have a purpose or intention. \ (superl.) Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble. \ (superl.) Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless, a mean motive. \ (superl.) Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable. \ (superl.) Of poor quality, mean fare. \ (superl.) Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal, mean hospitality. \ (a.) Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes. \ (a.) Intermediate in excellence of any kind. \ (a.) Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes, or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation, mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day. \ (n.) That which is mean, or intermediate, between two extremes of place, time, or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure. \ (n.) A quantity having an intermediate value between several others, from which it is derived, and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually, unless otherwise specified, it is the simple average, formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number, which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities. \ (n.) That through which, or by the help of which, an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument. \ (n.) Hence: Resources; property, revenue, or the like, considered as the condition of easy livelihood, or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance. \ (n.) A part, whether alto or tenor, intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part. \ (n.) Meantime; meanwhile. \ (n.) A mediator; a go-between.
insert remain v. to stay in a place after others leave; to stay the same \ (v. i.) To stay behind while others withdraw; to be left after others have been removed or destroyed; to be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised. \ (v. i.) To continue unchanged in place, form, or condition, or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last. \ (v. t.) To await; to be left to. \ (n.) State of remaining; stay. \ (n.) That which is left; relic; remainder; -- chiefly in the plural. \ (n.) That which is left of a human being after the life is gone; relics; a dead body. \ (n.) The posthumous works or productions, esp. literary works, of one who is dead; as, Cecil's
insert wait v. to delay acting; to postpone \ (v. i.) To watch; to observe; to take notice. \ (v. i.) To stay or rest in expectation; to stop or remain stationary till the arrival of some person or event; to rest in patience; to stay; not to depart. \ (v. t.) To stay for; to rest or remain stationary in expectation of; to await; as, to wait orders. \ (v. t.) To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany; to await. \ (v. t.) To attend on; especially, to attend with ceremony or respect. \ (v. t.) To cause to wait; to defer; to postpone; -- said of a meal, to wait dinner. \ (v. i.) The act of waiting; a delay; a halt. \ (v. i.) Ambush. \ (v. i.) One who watches; a watchman. \ (v. i.) Hautboys, or oboes, played by town musicians; not used in the singular. \ (v. i.) Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning, especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.
insert pig n. a farm animal used for its meat \ (n.) A piggin. \ (n.) The young of swine, male or female; also, any swine; a hog. \ (n.) Any wild species of the genus Sus and related genera. \ (n.) An oblong mass of cast iron, lead, or other metal. See Mine pig, under Mine. \ (n.) One who is hoggish; a greedy person. \ (v. t. & i.) To bring forth (pigs); to bring forth in the manner of pigs; to farrow. \ (v. t. & i.) To huddle or lie together like pigs, in one bed.
insert labor n. work; workers as a group \ (n.) Physical toil or bodily exertion, especially when fatiguing, irksome, or unavoidable, in distinction from sportive exercise; hard, muscular effort directed to some useful end, as agriculture, manufactures, and like; servile toil; exertion; work. \ (n.) Intellectual exertion; mental effort; as, the labor of compiling a history. \ (n.) That which requires hard work for its accomplishment; that which demands effort. \ (n.) Travail; the pangs and efforts of childbirth. \ (n.) Any pang or distress. \ (n.) The pitching or tossing of a vessel which results in the straining of timbers and rigging. \ (n.) A measure of land in Mexico and Texas, equivalent to an area of 177/ acres. \ (n.) To exert muscular strength; to exert one's strength with painful effort, particularly in servile occupations; to work; to toil. \ (n.) To exert one's powers of mind in the prosecution of any design; to strive; to take pains. \ (n.) To be oppressed with difficulties or disease; to do one's work under conditions which make it especially hard, wearisome; to move slowly, as against opposition, or under a burden; to be burdened; -- often with under, and formerly with of. \ (n.) To be in travail; to suffer the pangs of childbirth. \ (n.) To pitch or roll heavily, as a ship in a turbulent sea. \ (v. t.) To work at; to till; to cultivate by toil. \ (v. t.) To form or fabricate with toil, or care. \ (v. t.) To prosecute, or perfect, with effort; to urge stre/uously, to labor a point or argument. \ (v. t.) To belabor; to beat. \ (n.) A store or set of stopes.
insert swan (n.) Any one of numerous species of large aquatic birds belonging to Cygnus, Olor, and allied genera of the subfamily Cygninae. They have a large and strong beak and a long neck, and are noted for their graceful movements when swimming. Most of the northern species are white. In literature the swan was fabled to sing a melodious song, especially at the time of its death. \ (n.) Fig.: An appellation for a sweet singer, or a poet noted for grace and melody; as Shakespeare is called the swan of Avon. \ (n.) The constellation Cygnus.
insert noble (superl.) Possessing eminence, elevation, dignity, etc.; above whatever is low, mean, degrading, or dishonorable; magnanimous; as, a noble nature or action; a noble heart. \ (superl.) Grand; stately; magnificent; splendid, a noble edifice. \ (superl.) Of exalted rank; of or pertaining to the nobility; distinguished from the masses by birth, station, or title; highborn, noble blood; a noble personage. \ (n.) A person of rank above a commoner; a nobleman; a peer. \ (n.) An English money of account, and, formerly, a gold coin, of the value of 6 s. 8 d. sterling, or about $1.61. \ (n.) A European fish; the lyrie. \ (v. t.) To make noble; to ennoble.
insert the pro. used in front of a name word to show that it is a person or thing that is known about or is being spoken about \ (v. i.) See Thee. \ (definite article.) A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their meaning. \ (adv.) By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more difficult it is to reform.
insert climb v. to go up or down something by using the feet and sometimes the hands \ (v. i.) To ascend or mount laboriously, esp. by use of the hands and feet. \ (v. i.) To ascend as if with effort; to rise to a higher point. \ (v. i.) To ascend or creep upward by twining about a support, or by attaching itself by tendrils, rootlets, etc., to a support or upright surface. \ (v. t.) To ascend, as by means of the hands and feet, or laboriously or slowly; to mount. \ (n.) The act of one who climbs; ascent by climbing.
insert pound (v. t.) To strike repeatedly with some heavy instrument; to beat. \ (v. t.) To comminute and pulverize by beating; to bruise or break into fine particles with a pestle or other heavy instrument; as, to pound spice or salt. \ (v. i.) To strike heavy blows; to beat. \ (v. i.) To make a jarring noise, as in running, the engine pounds. \ (n.) An inclosure, maintained by public authority, in which cattle or other animals are confined when taken in trespassing, or when going at large in violation of law; a pinfold. \ (n.) A level stretch in a canal between locks. \ (n.) A kind of net, having a large inclosure with a narrow entrance into which fish are directed by wings spreading outward. \ (v. t.) To confine in, or as in, a pound; to impound. \ (pl. ) of Pound \ (n.) A certain specified weight; especially, a legal standard consisting of an established number of ounces. \ (n.) A British denomination of money of account, equivalent to twenty shillings sterling, and equal in value to about $4.86. There is no coin known by this name, but the gold sovereign is of the same value.
insert saying (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Say \ (n.) That which is said; a declaration; a statement, especially a proverbial one; an aphorism; a proverb.
insert system n. a method of organizing or doing something by following rules or a plan; a group of connected things or parts working together for a common purpose or goal \ (n.) An assemblage of objects arranged in regular subordination, or after some distinct method, usually logical or scientific; a complete whole of objects related by some common law, principle, or end; a complete exhibition of essential principles or facts, arranged in a rational dependence or connection; a regular union of principles or parts forming one entire thing; as, a system of philosophy; a system of government; a system of divinity; a system of botany or chemistry; a military system; the solar system. \ (n.) Hence, the whole scheme of created things regarded as forming one complete plan of whole; the universe. \ (n.) Regular method or order; formal arrangement; plan, to have a system in one's business. \ (n.) The collection of staves which form a full score. See Score, n. \ (n.) An assemblage of parts or organs, either in animal or plant, essential to the performance of some particular function or functions which as a rule are of greater complexity than those manifested by a single organ, the capillary system, the muscular system, the digestive system, etc.; hence, the whole body as a functional unity. \ (n.) One of the stellate or irregular clusters of intimately united zooids which are imbedded in, or scattered over, the surface of the common tissue of many compound ascidians.
insert offense (n.) Alt. of Offence
insert eight (n.) An island in a river; an ait. \ (a.) Seven and one; as, eight years. \ (n.) The number greater by a unit than seven; eight units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing eight units, as 8 or viii.
insert robe (v. t.) An outer garment; a dress of a rich, flowing, and elegant style or make; hence, a dress of state, rank, office, or the like. \ (v. t.) A skin of an animal, especially, a skin of the bison, dressed with the fur on, and used as a wrap. \ (v. t.) To invest with a robe or robes; to dress; to array; as, fields robed with green.
insert hell (v. t.) The place of the dead, or of souls after death; the grave; -- called in Hebrew sheol, and by the Greeks hades. \ (v. t.) The place or state of punishment for the wicked after death; the abode of evil spirits. Hence, any mental torment; anguish. \ (v. t.) A place where outcast persons or things are gathered \ (v. t.) A dungeon or prison; also, in certain running games, a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention. \ (v. t.) A gambling house. \ (v. t.) A place into which a tailor throws his shreds, or a printer his broken type. \ (v. t.) To overwhelm.
insert pool (n.) A small and rather deep collection of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream; a reservoir for water; as, the pools of Solomon. \ (n.) A small body of standing or stagnant water; a puddle. \ (n.) The stake played for in certain games of cards, billiards, etc.; an aggregated stake to which each player has contributed a snare; also, the receptacle for the stakes. \ (n.) A game at billiards, in which each of the players stakes a certain sum, the winner taking the whole, in public billiard rooms, a game in which the loser pays the entrance fee for all who engage in the game; a game of skill in pocketing the balls on a pool table. \ (n.) In rifle shooting, a contest in which each competitor pays a certain sum for every shot he makes, the net proceeds being divided among the winners. \ (n.) Any gambling or commercial venture in which several persons join. \ (n.) A combination of persons contributing money to be used for the purpose of increasing or depressing the market price of stocks, grain, or other commodities, the aggregate of the sums so contributed, the pool took all the wheat offered below the limit; he put $10,000 into the pool. \ (n.) A mutual arrangement between competing lines, by which the receipts of all are aggregated, and then distributed pro rata according to agreement. \ (n.) An aggregation of properties or rights, belonging to different people in a community, in a common fund, to be charged with common liabilities. \ (v. t.) To put together; to contribute to a common fund, on the basis of a mutual division of profits or losses; to make a common interest of, the companies pooled their traffic. \ (v. i.) To combine or contribute with others, as for a commercial, speculative, or gambling transaction.
insert doctor n. a person trained in medicine to treat sick people \ (n.) A teacher; one skilled in a profession, or branch of knowledge learned man. \ (n.) An academical title, originally meaning a men so well versed in his department as to be qualified to teach it. Hence: One who has taken the highest degree conferred by a university or college, or has received a diploma of the highest degree; as, a doctor of divinity, of law, of medicine, of music, or of philosophy. Such diplomas may confer an honorary title only. \ (n.) One duly licensed to practice medicine; a member of the medical profession; a physician. \ (n.) Any mechanical contrivance intended to remedy a difficulty or serve some purpose in an exigency, the doctor of a calico-printing machine, which is a knife to remove superfluous coloring matter; the doctor, or auxiliary engine, called also donkey engine. \ (n.) The friar skate. \ (v. t.) To treat as a physician does; to apply remedies to; to repair, to doctor a sick man or a broken cart. \ (v. t.) To confer a doctorate upon; to make a doctor. \ (v. t.) To tamper with and arrange for one's own purposes; to falsify; to adulterate, to doctor election returns; to doctor whisky. \ (v. i.) To practice physic.
insert mathematics n. the science dealing with amounts, sizes and shapes, as explained by numbers and signs \ (n.) That science, or class of sciences, which treats of the exact relations existing between quantities or magnitudes, and of the methods by which, in accordance with these relations, quantities sought are deducible from other quantities known or supposed; the science of spatial and quantitative relations.
insert dig v. to make a hole in the ground \ (v. t.) To turn up, or delve in, (earth) with a spade or a hoe; to open, loosen, or break up (the soil) with a spade, or other sharp instrument; to pierce, open, or loosen, as if with a spade. \ (v. t.) To get by digging; as, to dig potatoes, or gold. \ (v. t.) To hollow out, as a well; to form, as a ditch, by removing earth; to excavate, to dig a ditch or a well. \ (v. t.) To thrust; to poke. \ (v. i.) To work with a spade or other like implement; to do servile work; to delve. \ (v. i.) To take ore from its bed, in distinction from making excavations in search of ore. \ (v. i.) To work like a digger; to study ploddingly and laboriously. \ (n.) A thrust; a punch; a poke, a dig in the side or the ribs. See Dig, v. t., 4. \ (v. t.) A plodding and laborious student. \ (v. i.) To work hard or drudge; \ (v. i.) To study ploddingly and laboriously. \ (v. i.) Of a tool: To cut deeply into the work because ill set, held at a wrong angle, or the like, as when a lathe tool is set too low and so sprung into the work. \ (n.) A tool for digging. \ (n.) An act of digging. \ (n.) An amount to be dug. \ (n.) = Gouge.
insert space n. the area outside the earth's atmosphere where the sun, moon, planets and stars are; the area between or inside things \ (n.) Extension, considered independently of anything which it may contain; that which makes extended objects conceivable and possible. \ (n.) Place, having more or less extension; room. \ (n.) A quantity or portion of extension; distance from one thing to another; an interval between any two or more objects; as, the space between two stars or two hills; the sound was heard for the space of a mile. \ (n.) Quantity of time; an interval between two points of time; duration; time. \ (n.) A short time; a while. \ (n.) Walk; track; path; course. \ (n.) A small piece of metal cast lower than a face type, so as not to receive the ink in printing, -- used to separate words or letters. \ (n.) The distance or interval between words or letters in the lines, or between lines, as in books. \ (n.) One of the intervals, or open places, between the lines of the staff. \ (n.) To walk; to rove; to roam. \ (n.) To arrange or adjust the spaces in or between, to space words, lines, or letters.
insert vehicle n. anything on or in which a person or thing can travel or be transported, especially anything on wheels; a car or truck \ (n.) That in or on which any person or thing is, or may be, carried, as a coach, carriage, wagon, cart, car, sleigh, bicycle, etc.; a means of conveyance; specifically, a means of conveyance upon land. \ (n.) That which is used as the instrument of conveyance or communication; as, matter is the vehicle of energy. \ (n.) A substance in which medicine is taken. \ (n.) Any liquid with which a pigment is applied, including whatever gum, wax, or glutinous or adhesive substance is combined with it. \ (n.) A liquid used to spread sensitive salts upon glass and paper for use in photography.
insert approach (v. i.) To come or go near, in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer. \ (v. i.) To draw near, in a figurative sense; to make advances; to approximate; as, he approaches to the character of the ablest statesman. \ (v. t.) To bring near; to cause to draw near; to advance. \ (v. t.) To come near to in place, time, or character; to draw nearer to, to approach the city; to approach my cabin; he approached the age of manhood. \ (v. t.) To take approaches to. \ (v. i.) The act of drawing near; a coming or advancing near. \ (v. i.) A access, or opportunity of drawing near. \ (v. i.) Movements to gain favor; advances. \ (v. i.) A way, passage, or avenue by which a place or buildings can be approached; an access. \ (v. i.) The advanced works, trenches, or covered roads made by besiegers in their advances toward a fortress or military post. \ (v. i.) See Approaching. \ (n.) A stroke whose object is to land the ball on the putting green. It is made with an iron club.
insert priest (n.) A presbyter elder; a minister \ (n.) One who is authorized to consecrate the host and to say Mass; but especially, one of the lowest order possessing this power. \ (n.) A presbyter; one who belongs to the intermediate order between bishop and deacon. He is authorized to perform all ministerial services except those of ordination and confirmation. \ (n.) One who officiates at the altar, or performs the rites of sacrifice; one who acts as a mediator between men and the divinity or the gods in any form of religion; as, Buddhist priests. \ (v. t.) To ordain as priest.
insert grammar (n.) The science which treats of the principles of language; the study of forms of speech, and their relations to one another; the art concerned with the right use aud application of the rules of a language, in speaking or writing. \ (n.) The art of speaking or writing with correctness or according to established usage; speech considered with regard to the rules of a grammar. \ (n.) A treatise on the principles of language; a book containing the principles and rules for correctness in speaking or writing. \ (n.) treatise on the elements or principles of any science; as, a grammar of geography. \ (v. i.) To discourse according to the rules of grammar; to use grammar.
insert fix v. to make good or right again \ (a.) Fixed; solidified. \ (v. t.) To make firm, stable, or fast; to set or place permanently; to fasten immovably; to establish; to implant; to secure; to make definite. \ (v. t.) To hold steadily; to direct unwaveringly; to fasten, as the eye on an object, the attention on a speaker. \ (v. t.) To transfix; to pierce. \ (v. t.) To render (an impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensible to the action of light. \ (v. t.) To put in order; to arrange; to dispose of; to adjust; to set to rights; to set or place in the manner desired or most suitable; hence, to repair; as, to fix the clothes; to fix the furniture of a room. \ (v. t.) To line the hearth of (a puddling furnace) with fettling. \ (v. i.) To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest. \ (v. i.) To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance. \ (n.) A position of difficulty or embarassment; predicament; dilemma. \ (n.) fettling.
insert quiz (n.) A riddle or obscure question; an enigma; a ridiculous hoax. \ (n.) One who quizzes others; as, he is a great quiz. \ (n.) An odd or absurd fellow. \ (n.) An exercise, or a course of exercises, conducted as a coaching or as an examination. \ (v. t.) To puzzle; to banter; to chaff or mock with pretended seriousness of discourse; to make sport of, as by obscure questions. \ (v. t.) To peer at; to eye suspiciously or mockingly. \ (v. t.) To instruct in or by a quiz. See Quiz, n., 4. \ (v. i.) To conduct a quiz. See Quiz, 4.
insert view (n.) The act of seeing or beholding; sight; look; survey; examination by the eye; inspection. \ (n.) Mental survey; intellectual perception or examination; as, a just view of the arguments or facts in a case. \ (n.) Power of seeing, either physically or mentally; reach or range of sight; extent of prospect. \ (n.) That which is seen or beheld; sight presented to the natural or intellectual eye; scene; prospect, the view from a window. \ (n.) The pictorial representation of a scene; a sketch, /ither drawn or painted, a fine view of Lake George. \ (n.) Mode of looking at anything; manner of apprehension; conception; opinion; judgment, to state one's views of the policy which ought to be pursued. \ (n.) That which is looked towards, or kept in sight, as object, aim, intention, purpose, design, he did it with a view of escaping. \ (n.) Appearance; show; aspect. \ (v. t.) To see; to behold; especially, to look at with attention, or for the purpose of examining; to examine with the eye; to inspect; to explore. \ (v. t.) To survey or examine mentally; to consider, to view the subject in all its aspects.
insert cell a small mass of living material that is part of all plants and animals \ (n.) A very small and close apartment, as in a prison or in a monastery or convent; the hut of a hermit. \ (n.) A small religious house attached to a monastery or convent. \ (n.) Any small cavity, or hollow place. \ (n.) The space between the ribs of a vaulted roof. \ (n.) Same as Cella. \ (n.) A jar of vessel, or a division of a compound vessel, for holding the exciting fluid of a battery. \ (n.) One of the minute elementary structures, of which the greater part of the various tissues and organs of animals and plants are composed. \ (v. t.) To place or inclose in a cell.
insert shop imp. of Shape. Shaped. \ (n.) A building or an apartment in which goods, wares, drugs, etc., are sold by retail. \ (n.) A building in which mechanics or artisans work; as, a shoe shop; a car shop. \ (v. i.) To visit shops for the purpose of purchasing goods. \ (n.) A person's occupation, business, profession, or the like, as a subject of attention, interest, conversation; -- generally in deprecation. \ (n.) A place where any industry is carried on, a chemist's shop; \ (n.) any of the various places of business which are commonly called offices, as of a lawyer, doctor, broker, etc. \ (n.) Any place of resort, as one's house, a restaurant
insert girl n. a young female person \ (n.) A young person of either sex; a child. \ (n.) A female child, from birth to the age of puberty; a young maiden. \ (n.) A female servant; a maidservant. \ (n.) A roebuck two years old.
insert principal (a.) Highest in rank, authority, character, importance, or degree; most considerable or important; chief; main; as, the principal officers of a Government; the principal men of a state; the principal productions of a country; the principal arguments in a case. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a prince; princely. \ (n.) A leader, or head; one who takes the lead; one who acts independently, or who has controlling authority or influence, the principal of a faction, a school, a firm, etc.; -- distinguished from a subordinate, abettor, auxiliary, or assistant. \ (n.) The chief actor in a crime, or an abettor who is present at it, -- as distinguished from an accessory. \ (n.) A chief obligor, promisor, or debtor, -- as distinguished from a surety. \ (n.) One who employs another to act for him, -- as distinguished from an agent. \ (n.) A thing of chief or prime importance; something fundamental or especially conspicuous. \ (n.) A capital sum of money, placed out at interest, due as a debt or used as a fund; -- so called in distinction from interest or profit. \ (n.) The construction which gives shape and strength to a roof, -- generally a truss of timber or iron, but there are roofs with stone principals. Also, loosely, the most important member of a piece of framing. \ (n.) In English organs the chief open metallic stop, an octave above the open diapason. On the manual it is four feet long, on the pedal eight feet. In Germany this term corresponds to the English open diapason. \ (n.) A heirloom; a mortuary. \ (n.) The first two long feathers of a hawk's wing. \ (n.) One of turrets or pinnacles of waxwork and tapers with which the posts and center of a funeral hearse were formerly crowned. \ (n.) A principal or essential point or rule; a principle.
insert carry v. to take something or someone from one place to another \ (v. t.) To convey or transport in any manner from one place to another; to bear; -- often with away or off. \ (v. t.) To have or hold as a burden, while moving from place to place; to have upon or about one's person; as, to carry a wound; to carry an unborn child. \ (v. t.) To move; to convey by force; to impel; to conduct; to lead or guide. \ (v. t.) To transfer from one place (as a country, book, or column) to another, to carry the war from Greece into Asia; to carry an account to the ledger; to carry a number in adding figures. \ (v. t.) To convey by extension or continuance; to extend, to carry the chimney through the roof; to carry a road ten miles farther. \ (v. t.) To bear or uphold successfully through conflict, as a leader or principle; hence, to succeed in, as in a contest; to bring to a successful issue; to win, to carry an election. \ (v. t.) To get possession of by force; to capture. \ (v. t.) To contain; to comprise; to bear the aspect of ; to show or exhibit; to imply. \ (v. t.) To bear (one's self); to behave, to conduct or demean; -- with the reflexive pronouns. \ (v. t.) To bear the charges or burden of holding or having, as stocks, merchandise, etc., from one time to another, a merchant is carrying a large stock; a farm carries a mortgage; a broker carries stock for a customer; to carry a life insurance. \ (v. i.) To act as a bearer; to convey anything, to fetch and carry. \ (v. i.) To have propulsive power; to propel, a gun or mortar carries well. \ (v. i.) To hold the head; -- said of a horse, to carry well i. e., to hold the head high, with arching neck. \ (v. i.) To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare. \ (n.) A tract of land, over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a carrying place; a portage.
insert writing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Write \ (n.) The act or art of forming letters and characters on paper, wood, stone, or other material, for the purpose of recording the ideas which characters and words express, or of communicating them to others by visible signs. \ (n.) Anything written or printed; anything expressed in characters or letters \ (n.) Any legal instrument, as a deed, a receipt, a bond, an agreement, or the like. \ (n.) Any written composition; a pamphlet; a work; a literary production; a book; as, the writings of Addison. \ (n.) An inscription. \ (n.) Handwriting; chirography.
insert yesterday n. the day before today \ (n.) The day last past; the day next before the present. \ (n.) Fig.: A recent time; time not long past. \ (adv.) On the day last past; on the day preceding to-day; as, the affair took place yesterday.
insert stair (n.) One step of a series for ascending or descending to a different level; -- commonly applied to those within a building. \ (n.) A series of steps, as for passing from one story of a house to another; -- commonly used in the plural; but originally used in the singular only.
insert financial ad. of or about the system that includes the use of money, credit, investments and banks \ (a.) Pertaining to finance.
insert movement n. the act of moving or a way of moving; a series of acts or efforts to reach a goal \ (n.) The act of moving; change of place or posture; transference, by any means, from one situation to another; natural or appropriate motion; progress; advancement; as, the movement of an army in marching or maneuvering; the movement of a wheel or a machine; the party of movement. \ (n.) Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion. \ (n.) Manner or style of moving, a slow, or quick, or sudden, movement. \ (n.) The rhythmical progression, pace, and tempo of a piece. \ (n.) One of the several strains or pieces, each complete in itself, with its own time and rhythm, which make up a larger work, the several movements of a suite or a symphony. \ (n.) A system of mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character, or for transforming motion, the wheelwork of a watch.
insert authority (n.) Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as, the authority of a prince over subjects, and of parents over children; the authority of a court. \ (n.) Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command, the local authorities of the States; the military authorities. \ (n.) The power derived from opinion, respect, or esteem; influence of character, office, or station, or mental or moral superiority, and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed, an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority. \ (n.) That which, or one who, is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions, actions, measures, etc. \ (n.) Testimony; witness. \ (n.) A precedent; a decision of a court, an official declaration, or an opinion, saying, or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent. \ (n.) A book containing such a statement or opinion, or the author of the book. \ (n.) Justification; warrant.
insert rainbow (n.) A bow or arch exhibiting, in concentric bands, the several colors of the spectrum, and formed in the part of the hemisphere opposite to the sun by the refraction and reflection of the sun's rays in drops of falling rain.
insert cycle (n.) An imaginary circle or orbit in the heavens; one of the celestial spheres. \ (n.) An interval of time in which a certain succession of events or phenomena is completed, and then returns again and again, uniformly and continually in the same order; a periodical space of time marked by the recurrence of something peculiar; as, the cycle of the seasons, or of the year. \ (n.) An age; a long period of time. \ (n.) An orderly list for a given time; a calendar. \ (n.) The circle of subjects connected with the exploits of the hero or heroes of some particular period which have served as a popular theme for poetry, as the legend of Arthur and the knights of the Round Table, and that of Charlemagne and his paladins. \ (n.) One entire round in a circle or a spire, a cycle or set of leaves. \ (n.) A bicycle or tricycle, or other light velocipede. \ (v. i.) To pass through a cycle of changes; to recur in cycles. \ (v. i.) To ride a bicycle, tricycle, or other form of cycle. \ (n.) A series of operations in which heat is imparted to (or taken away from) a working substance which by its expansion gives up a part of its internal energy in the form of mechanical work (or being compressed increases its internal energy) and is again brought back to its original state. \ (n.) A complete positive and negative wave of an alternating current; one period. The number of cycles (per second) is a measure of the frequency of an alternating current.
insert bored (imp. & p. p.) of Bore
insert oppose v. to be against; to fight against \ (n.) To place in front of, or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit. \ (n.) To put in opposition, with a view to counterbalance or countervail; to set against; to offer antagonistically. \ (n.) To resist or antagonize by physical means, or by arguments, etc.; to contend against; to confront; to resist; to withstand; as, to oppose the king in battle; to oppose a bill in Congress. \ (n.) To compete with; to strive against, to oppose a rival for a prize. \ (v. i.) To be set opposite. \ (v. i.) To act adversely or in opposition; -- with against or to, a servant opposed against the act. \ (v. i.) To make objection or opposition in controversy.
insert example n. a part that shows what the rest of a thing or group is like \ (n.) One or a portion taken to show the character or quality of the whole; a sample; a specimen. \ (n.) That which is to be followed or imitated as a model; a pattern or copy. \ (n.) That which resembles or corresponds with something else; a precedent; a model. \ (n.) That which is to be avoided; one selected for punishment and to serve as a warning; a warning. \ (n.) An instance serving for illustration of a rule or precept, especially a problem to be solved, or a case to be determined, as an exercise in the application of the rules of any study or branch of science; as, in trigonometry and grammar, the principles and rules are illustrated by examples. \ (v. t.) To set an example for; to give a precedent for; to exemplify; to give an instance of; to instance.
insert string (n.) A small cord, a line, a twine, or a slender strip of leather, or other substance, used for binding together, fastening, or tying things; a cord, larger than a thread and smaller than a rope; as, a shoe string; a bonnet string; a silken string. \ (n.) A thread or cord on which a number of objects or parts are strung or arranged in close and orderly succession; hence, a line or series of things arranged on a thread, or as if so arranged; a succession; a concatenation; a chain, a string of shells or beads; a string of dried apples; a string of houses; a string of arguments. \ (n.) A strip, as of leather, by which the covers of a book are held together. \ (n.) The cord of a musical instrument, as of a piano, harp, or violin; specifically (pl.), the stringed instruments of an orchestra, in distinction from the wind instruments, the strings took up the theme. \ (n.) The line or cord of a bow. \ (n.) A fiber, as of a plant; a little, fibrous root. \ (n.) A nerve or tendon of an animal body. \ (n.) An inside range of ceiling planks, corresponding to the sheer strake on the outside and bolted to it. \ (n.) The tough fibrous substance that unites the valves of the pericap of leguminous plants, and which is readily pulled off, the strings of beans. \ (n.) A small, filamentous ramification of a metallic vein. \ (n.) Same as Stringcourse. \ (n.) The points made in a game. \ (v. t.) To furnish with strings, to string a violin. \ (v. t.) To put in tune the strings of, as a stringed instrument, in order to play upon it. \ (v. t.) To put on a string; to file, to string beads. \ (v. t.) To make tense; to strengthen. \ (v. t.) To deprive of strings; to strip the strings from, to string beans. See String, n., 9. \ (n.) In various indoor games, a score or tally, sometimes, as in American billiard games, marked by buttons threaded on a string or wire. \ (n.) In various games, competitions, etc., a certain number of turns at play, of rounds, etc. \ (n.) The line from behind and over which the cue ball must be played after being out of play as by being pocketed or knocked off the table; -- called also string line. \ (n.) Act of stringing for break. \ (n.) A hoax; a trumped-up or "fake" story. \ (v. t.) To hoax; josh; jolly. \ (v. i.) To form into a string or strings, as a substance which is stretched, or people who are moving along
insert ham (n.) Home. \ (n.) The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock. \ (n.) The thigh of any animal; especially, the thigh of a hog cured by salting and smoking.
insert government n. a system of governing; the organization of people that rules a country, city or area \ (n.) The act of governing; the exercise of authority; the administration of laws; control; direction; regulation; as, civil, church, or family government. \ (n.) The mode of governing; the system of polity in a state; the established form of law. \ (n.) The right or power of governing; authority. \ (n.) The person or persons authorized to administer the laws; the ruling power; the administration. \ (n.) The body politic governed by one authority; a state, the governments of Europe. \ (n.) Management of the limbs or body. \ (n.) The influence of a word in regard to construction, requiring that another word should be in a particular case.
insert although conj. even if it is true that \ (conj.) Grant all this; be it that; supposing that; notwithstanding; though.
insert statue n. a form of a human, animal or other creature usually made of stone, wood or metal \ (n.) The likeness of a living being sculptured or modeled in some solid substance, as marble, bronze, or wax; an image; as, a statue of Hercules, or of a lion. \ (n.) A portrait. \ (v. t.) To place, as a statue; to form a statue of; to make into a statue.
insert pudding (n.) A species of food of a soft or moderately hard consistence, variously made, but often a compound of flour or meal, with milk and eggs, etc. \ (n.) Anything resembling, or of the softness and consistency of, pudding. \ (n.) An intestine; especially, an intestine stuffed with meat, etc.; a sausage. \ (n.) Any food or victuals. \ (n.) Same as Puddening.
insert device n. a piece of equipment made for a special purpose \ (n.) That which is devised, or formed by design; a contrivance; an invention; a project; a scheme; often, a scheme to deceive; a stratagem; an artifice. \ (n.) Power of devising; invention; contrivance. \ (n.) An emblematic design, generally consisting of one or more figures with a motto, used apart from heraldic bearings to denote the historical situation, the ambition, or the desire of the person adopting it. See Cognizance. \ (n.) Improperly, an heraldic bearing. \ (n.) Anything fancifully conceived. \ (n.) A spectacle or show. \ (n.) Opinion; decision.
insert am The first person singular of the verb be, in the indicative mode, present tense. See Be.
insert slice (v. t.) A thin, broad piece cut off; as, a slice of bacon; a slice of cheese; a slice of bread. \ (v. t.) That which is thin and broad, like a slice. \ (v. t.) A broad, thin piece of plaster. \ (v. t.) A salver, platter, or tray. \ (v. t.) A knife with a thin, broad blade for taking up or serving fish; also, a spatula for spreading anything, as paint or ink. \ (v. t.) A plate of iron with a handle, forming a kind of chisel, or a spadelike implement, variously proportioned, and used for various purposes, as for stripping the planking from a vessel's side, for cutting blubber from a whale, or for stirring a fire of coals; a slice bar; a peel; a fire shovel. \ (v. t.) One of the wedges by which the cradle and the ship are lifted clear of the building blocks to prepare for launching. \ (v. t.) A removable sliding bottom to galley. \ (v. t.) To cut into thin pieces, or to cut off a thin, broad piece from. \ (v. t.) To cut into parts; to divide. \ (v. t.) To clear by means of a slice bar, as a fire or the grate bars of a furnace. \ (v. t.) To hit (the ball) so that the face of the club draws across the face of the ball and deflects it.
insert act v. to do something \ (n.) That which is done or doing; the exercise of power, or the effect, of which power exerted is the cause; a performance; a deed. \ (n.) The result of public deliberation; the decision or determination of a legislative body, council, court of justice, etc.; a decree, edit, law, judgment, resolve, award; as, an act of Parliament, or of Congress. \ (n.) A formal solemn writing, expressing that something has been done. \ (n.) A performance of part of a play; one of the principal divisions of a play or dramatic work in which a certain definite part of the action is completed. \ (n.) A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student. \ (n.) A state of reality or real existence as opposed to a possibility or possible existence. \ (n.) Process of doing; action. In act, in the very doing; on the point of (doing). \ (v. t.) To move to action; to actuate; to animate. \ (v. t.) To perform; to execute; to do. \ (v. t.) To perform, as an actor; to represent dramatically on the stage. \ (v. t.) To assume the office or character of; to play; to personate, to act the hero. \ (v. t.) To feign or counterfeit; to simulate. \ (v. i.) To exert power; to produce an effect, the stomach acts upon food. \ (v. i.) To perform actions; to fulfill functions; to put forth energy; to move, as opposed to remaining at rest; to carry into effect a determination of the will. \ (v. i.) To behave or conduct, as in morals, private duties, or public offices; to bear or deport one's self, we know not why he has acted so. \ (v. i.) To perform on the stage; to represent a character.
insert open v. to start ("They opened talks."); ad. not closed; not secret \ (a.) Free of access; not shut up; not closed; affording unobstructed ingress or egress; not impeding or preventing passage; not locked up or covered over; -- applied to passageways; as, an open door, window, road, etc.; also, to inclosed structures or objects, open houses, boxes, baskets, bottles, to means of communication or approach by water or land, an open harbor or roadstead. \ (a.) Free to be used, enjoyed, visited, or the like; not private; public; unrestricted in use, an open library, museum, court, or other assembly; liable to the approach, trespass, or attack of any one; unprotected; exposed. \ (a.) Free or cleared of obstruction to progress or to view; accessible, an open tract; the open sea. \ (a.) Not drawn together, closed, or contracted; extended; expanded, an open hand; open arms; an open flower; an open prospect. \ (a.) Without reserve or false pretense; sincere; characterized by sincerity; unfeigned; frank, generous; liberal; bounteous; -- applied to personal appearance, or character, and to the expression of thought and feeling, etc. \ (a.) Not concealed or secret; not hidden or disguised; exposed to view or to knowledge; revealed; apparent, open schemes or plans; open shame or guilt. \ (a.) Not of a quality to prevent communication, as by closing water ways, blocking roads; hence, not frosty or inclement; mild; -- used of the weather or the climate, an open season; an open winter. \ (a.) Not settled or adjusted; not decided or determined; not closed or withdrawn from consideration, an open account; an open question; to keep an offer or opportunity open. \ (a.) Free; disengaged; unappropriated, to keep a day open for any purpose; to be open for an engagement. \ (a.) Uttered with a relatively wide opening of the articulating organs; -- said of vowels, the an far is open as compared with the a in say. \ (a.) Uttered, as a consonant, with the oral passage simply narrowed without closure, as in uttering s. \ (a.) Not closed or stopped with the finger; -- said of the string of an instrument, as of a violin, when it is allowed to vibrate throughout its whole length. \ (a.) Produced by an open string, an open tone. \ (n.) Open or unobstructed space; clear land, without trees or obstructions; open ocean; open water. \ (v. t.) To make or set open; to render free of access; to unclose; to unbar; to unlock; to remove any fastening or covering from, to open a door; to open a box; to open a room; to open a letter. \ (v. t.) To spread; to expand, to open the hand. \ (v. t.) To disclose; to reveal; to interpret; to explain. \ (v. t.) To make known; to discover, to render available or accessible for settlements, trade, etc. \ (v. t.) To enter upon; to begin, to open a discussion; to open fire upon an enemy; to open trade, or correspondence; to open a case in court, or a meeting. \ (v. t.) To loosen or make less compact, to open matted cotton by separating the fibers.
insert sunrise (n.) Alt. of Sunrising
insert crew n. a group of people working together \ (n.) The Manx shearwater. \ (n.) A company of people associated together; an assemblage; a throng. \ (n.) The company of seamen who man a ship, vessel, or at; the company belonging to a vessel or a boat. \ (n.) In an extended sense, any small body of men associated for a purpose; a gang; as (Naut.), the carpenter's crew; the boatswain's crew. \ imp. of Crow \ (imp.) of Crow
insert roast (v. t.) To cook by exposure to radiant heat before a fire; as, to roast meat on a spit, or in an oven open toward the fire and having reflecting surfaces within; also, to cook in a close oven. \ (v. t.) To cook by surrounding with hot embers, ashes, sand, etc., to roast a potato in ashes. \ (v. t.) To dry and parch by exposure to heat, to roast coffee; to roast chestnuts, or peanuts. \ (v. t.) Hence, to heat to excess; to heat violently; to burn. \ (v. t.) To dissipate by heat the volatile parts of, as ores. \ (v. t.) To banter severely. \ (v. i.) To cook meat, fish, by heat, as before the fire or in an oven. \ (v. i.) To undergo the process of being roasted. \ (n.) That which is roasted; a piece of meat which has been roasted, or is suitable for being roasted. \ (a.) Roasted, roast beef.
insert pie (n.) An article of food consisting of paste baked with something in it or under it; as, chicken pie; venison pie; mince pie; apple pie; pumpkin pie. \ (n.) See Camp, n., 5. \ (n.) A magpie. \ (n.) Any other species of the genus Pica, and of several allied genera. \ (n.) The service book. \ (n.) Type confusedly mixed. See Pi. \ (v. t.) See Pi.
insert bear (v. t.) To support or sustain; to hold up. \ (v. t.) To support and remove or carry; to convey. \ (v. t.) To conduct; to bring; -- said of persons. \ (v. t.) To possess and use, as power; to exercise. \ (v. t.) To sustain; to have on (written or inscribed, or as a mark), as, the tablet bears this inscription. \ (v. t.) To possess or carry, as a mark of authority or distinction; to wear, to bear a sword, badge, or name. \ (v. t.) To possess mentally; to carry or hold in the mind; to entertain; to harbor \ (v. t.) To endure; to tolerate; to undergo; to suffer. \ (v. t.) To gain or win. \ (v. t.) To sustain, or be answerable for, as blame, expense, responsibility, etc. \ (v. t.) To render or give; to bring forward. \ (v. t.) To carry on, or maintain; to have. \ (v. t.) To admit or be capable of; that is, to suffer or sustain without violence, injury, or change. \ (v. t.) To manage, wield, or direct. \ (v. t.) To behave; to conduct. \ (v. t.) To afford; to be to; to supply with. \ (v. t.) To bring forth or produce; to yield, to bear apples; to bear children; to bear interest. \ (v. i.) To produce, as fruit; to be fruitful, in opposition to barrenness. \ (v. i.) To suffer, as in carrying a burden. \ (v. i.) To endure with patience; to be patient. \ (v. i.) To press; -- with on or upon, or against. \ (v. i.) To take effect; to have influence or force, to bring matters to bear. \ (v. i.) To relate or refer, how does this bear on the question? \ (v. i.) To have a certain meaning, intent, or effect. \ (v. i.) To be situated, as to the point of compass, with respect to something else, the land bears N. by E. \ (n.) A bier. \ (n.) Any species of the genus Ursus, and of the closely allied genera. Bears are plantigrade Carnivora, but they live largely on fruit and insects. \ (n.) An animal which has some resemblance to a bear in form or habits, but no real affinity, the woolly bear; ant bear; water bear; sea bear. \ (n.) One of two constellations in the northern hemisphere, called respectively the Great Bear and the Lesser Bear, or Ursa Major and Ursa Minor. \ (n.) Metaphorically: A brutal, coarse, or morose person. \ (n.) A person who sells stocks or securities for future delivery in expectation of a fall in the market. \ (n.) A portable punching machine. \ (n.) A block covered with coarse matting; -- used to scour the deck. \ (v. t.) To endeavor to depress the price of, or prices in, to bear a railroad stock; to bear the market. \ (n.) Alt. of Bere
insert count v. to speak or add numbers \ (v. t.) To tell or name one by one, or by groups, for the purpose of ascertaining the whole number of units in a collection; to number; to enumerate; to compute; to reckon. \ (v. t.) To place to an account; to ascribe or impute; to consider or esteem as belonging. \ (v. t.) To esteem; to account; to reckon; to think, judge, or consider. \ (v. i.) To number or be counted; to possess value or carry weight; hence, to increase or add to the strength or influence of some party or interest; as, every vote counts; accidents count for nothing. \ (v. i.) To reckon; to rely; to depend; -- with on or upon. \ (v. i.) To take account or note; -- with \ (v. i.) To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count. \ (v. t.) The act of numbering; reckoning; also, the number ascertained by counting. \ (v. t.) An object of interest or account; value; estimation. \ (v. t.) A formal statement of the plaintiff's case in court; in a more technical and correct sense, a particular allegation or charge in a declaration or indictment, separately setting forth the cause of action or prosecution. \ (n.) A nobleman on the continent of Europe, equal in rank to an English earl.
insert piano (a. & adv.) Soft; -- a direction to the performer to execute a certain passage softly, and with diminished volume of tone. (Abbrev. p.) \ (a.) Alt. of Pianoforte
insert lock (n.) A tuft of hair; a flock or small quantity of wool, hay, or other like substance; a tress or ringlet of hair. \ (n.) Anything that fastens; specifically, a fastening, as for a door, a lid, a trunk, a drawer, and the like, in which a bolt is moved by a key so as to hold or to release the thing fastened. \ (n.) A fastening together or interlacing; a closing of one thing upon another; a state of being fixed or immovable. \ (n.) A place from which egress is prevented, as by a lock. \ (n.) The barrier or works which confine the water of a stream or canal. \ (n.) An inclosure in a canal with gates at each end, used in raising or lowering boats as they pass from one level to another; -- called also lift lock. \ (n.) That part or apparatus of a firearm by which the charge is exploded; as, a matchlock, flintlock, percussion lock, etc. \ (n.) A device for keeping a wheel from turning. \ (n.) A grapple in wrestling. \ (v. t.) To fasten with a lock, or as with a lock; to make fast; to prevent free movement of, to lock a door, a carriage wheel, a river, etc. \ (v. t.) To prevent ingress or access to, or exit from, by fastening the lock or locks of; -- often with up, to lock or lock up, a house, jail, room, trunk. etc. \ (v. t.) To fasten in or out, or to make secure by means of, or as with, locks; to confine, or to shut in or out -- often with up, to lock one's self in a room; to lock up the prisoners; to lock up one's silver; to lock intruders out of the house; to lock money into a vault; to lock a child in one's arms; to lock a secret in one's breast. \ (v. t.) To link together; to clasp closely, to lock arms. \ (v. t.) To furnish with locks; also, to raise or lower (a boat) in a lock. \ (v. t.) To seize, as the sword arm of an antagonist, by turning the left arm around it, to disarm him. \ (v. i.) To become fast, as by means of a lock or by interlacing, the door locks close.
insert age n. how old a person or thing is \ (n.) The whole duration of a being, whether animal, vegetable, or other kind; lifetime. \ (n.) That part of the duration of a being or a thing which is between its beginning and any given time; as, what is the present age of a man, or of the earth? \ (n.) The latter part of life; an advanced period of life; seniority; state of being old. \ (n.) One of the stages of life, the age of infancy, of youth, etc. \ (n.) Mature age; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities, to come of age; he (or she) is of age. \ (n.) The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested, the age of consent; the age of discretion. \ (n.) A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others, the golden age, the age of Pericles. \ (n.) A great period in the history of the Earth. \ (n.) A century; the period of one hundred years. \ (n.) The people who live at a particular period; hence, a generation. \ (n.) A long time. \ (v. i.) To grow aged; to become old; to show marks of age, he grew fat as he aged. \ (v. t.) To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to, grief ages us. \ (n.) In poker, the right belonging to the player to the left of the dealer to pass the first round in betting, and then to come in last or stay out; also, the player holding this position; the eldest hand.
insert false ad. not true; not correct \ (superl.) Uttering falsehood; unveracious; given to deceit; dishnest; as, a false witness. \ (superl.) Not faithful or loyal, as to obligations, allegiance, vows, etc.; untrue; treacherous; perfidious, a false friend, lover, or subject; false to promises. \ (superl.) Not according with truth or reality; not true; fitted or likely to deceive or disappoint, a false statement. \ (superl.) Not genuine or real; assumed or designed to deceive; counterfeit; hypocritical, false tears; false modesty; false colors; false jewelry. \ (superl.) Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous, a false claim; a false conclusion; a false construction in grammar. \ (superl.) Not essential or permanent, as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental. \ (superl.) Not in tune. \ (adv.) Not truly; not honestly; falsely. \ (a.) To report falsely; to falsify. \ (a.) To betray; to falsify. \ (a.) To mislead by want of truth; to deceive. \ (a.) To feign; to pretend to make.
insert release v. to free; to permit to go; to permit to be known or made public \ (v. t.) To lease again; to grant a new lease of; to let back. \ (n.) To let loose again; to set free from restraint, confinement, or servitude; to give liberty to, or to set at liberty; to let go. \ (n.) To relieve from something that confines, burdens, or oppresses, as from pain, trouble, obligation, penalty. \ (n.) To let go, as a legal claim; to discharge or relinquish a right to, as lands or tenements, by conveying to another who has some right or estate in possession, as when the person in remainder releases his right to the tenant in possession; to quit. \ (n.) To loosen; to relax; to remove the obligation of; as, to release an ordinance. \ (n.) The act of letting loose or freeing, or the state of being let loose or freed; liberation or discharge from restraint of any kind, as from confinement or bondage. \ (n.) Relief from care, pain, or any burden. \ (n.) Discharge from obligation or responsibility, as from debt, penalty, or claim of any kind; acquittance. \ (n.) A giving up or relinquishment of some right or claim; a conveyance of a man's right in lands or tenements to another who has some estate in possession; a quitclaim. \ (n.) The act of opening the exhaust port to allow the steam to escape. \ (n.) A device adapted to hold or release a device or mechanism as required; \ (n.) A catch on a motor-starting rheostat, which automatically releases the rheostat arm and so stops the motor in case of a break in the field circuit; also, the catch on an electromagnetic circuit breaker for a motor, which acts in case of an overload. \ (n.) The act or manner of ending a sound. \ (n.) In the block-signaling system, a printed card conveying information and instructions to be used at intermediate sidings without telegraphic stations.
insert speed v. to make something go or move faster; n. the rate at which something moves or travels; the rate at which something happens or is done \ (n.) Prosperity in an undertaking; favorable issue; success. \ (n.) The act or state of moving swiftly; swiftness; velocity; rapidly; rate of motion; dispatch; as, the speed a horse or a vessel. \ (n.) One who, or that which, causes or promotes speed or success. \ (n.) To go; to fare. \ (n.) To experience in going; to have any condition, good or ill; to fare. \ (n.) To fare well; to have success; to prosper. \ (n.) To make haste; to move with celerity. \ (n.) To be expedient. \ (v. t.) To cause to be successful, or to prosper; hence, to aid; to favor. \ (v. t.) To cause to make haste; to dispatch with celerity; to drive at full speed, to hasten; to hurry. \ (v. t.) To hasten to a conclusion; to expedite. \ (v. t.) To hurry to destruction; to put an end to; to ruin; to undo. \ (v. t.) To wish success or god fortune to, in any undertaking, especially in setting out upon a journey.
insert recognize v. to know or remember something or someone that was known, known about or seen before; to accept another nation as independent and establish diplomatic ties with its government \ (v. t.) To know again; to perceive the identity of, with a person or thing previously known; to recover or recall knowledge of. \ (v. t.) To avow knowledge of; to allow that one knows; to consent to admit, hold, or the like; to admit with a formal acknowledgment; as, to recognize an obligation; to recognize a consul. \ (v. t.) To acknowledge acquaintance with, as by salutation, bowing, or the like. \ (v. t.) To show appreciation of, to recognize services by a testimonial. \ (v. t.) To review; to reexamine. \ (v. t.) To reconnoiter. \ (v. i.) To enter an obligation of record before a proper tribunal, A B recognized in the sum of twenty dollars.
insert night n. the time between when the sun goes down and when it rises, when there is little or no light \ (n.) That part of the natural day when the sun is beneath the horizon, or the time from sunset to sunrise; esp., the time between dusk and dawn, when there is no light of the sun, but only moonlight, starlight, or artificial light. \ (n.) Darkness; obscurity; concealment. \ (n.) Intellectual and moral darkness; ignorance. \ (n.) A state of affliction; adversity; as, a dreary night of sorrow. \ (n.) The period after the close of life; death. \ (n.) A lifeless or unenlivened period, as when nature seems to sleep.
insert pleasant (a.) Pleasing; grateful to the mind or to the senses; agreeable; as, a pleasant journey; pleasant weather. \ (a.) Cheerful; enlivening; gay; sprightly; humorous; sportive, pleasant company; a pleasant fellow. \ (n.) A wit; a humorist; a buffoon.
insert disk (n.) A discus; a quoit. \ (n.) A flat, circular plate; as, a disk of metal or paper. \ (n.) The circular figure of a celestial body, as seen projected of the heavens. \ (n.) A circular structure either in plants or animals, a blood disk; germinal disk, etc. \ (n.) The whole surface of a leaf. \ (n.) The central part of a radiate compound flower, as in sunflower. \ (n.) A part of the receptacle enlarged or expanded under, or around, or even on top of, the pistil. \ (n.) The anterior surface or oral area of coelenterate animals, as of sea anemones. \ (n.) The lower side of the body of some invertebrates, especially when used for locomotion, when it is often called a creeping disk. \ (n.) In owls, the space around the eyes.
insert side n. the outer surfaces of an object that are not the top or bottom; parts away from the middle; either the right or left half of the body \ (n.) The margin, edge, verge, or border of a surface; especially (when the thing spoken of is somewhat oblong in shape), one of the longer edges as distinguished from the shorter edges, called ends; a bounding line of a geometrical figure; as, the side of a field, of a square or triangle, of a river, of a road, etc. \ (n.) Any outer portion of a thing considered apart from, and yet in relation to, the rest, the upper side of a sphere; also, any part or position viewed as opposite to or contrasted with another, this or that side. \ (n.) One of the halves of the body, of an animals or man, on either side of the mesial plane; or that which pertains to such a half, a side of beef; a side of sole leather. \ (n.) The right or left part of the wall or trunk of the body, a pain in the side. \ (n.) A slope or declivity, as of a hill, considered as opposed to another slope over the ridge. \ (n.) The position of a person or party regarded as opposed to another person or party, whether as a rival or a foe; a body of advocates or partisans; a party; hence, the interest or cause which one maintains against another; a doctrine or view opposed to another. \ (n.) A line of descent traced through one parent as distinguished from that traced through another. \ (n.) Fig.: Aspect or part regarded as contrasted with some other, the bright side of poverty. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a side, or the sides; being on the side, or toward the side; lateral. \ (a.) Hence, indirect; oblique; collateral; incidental, a side issue; a side view or remark. \ (n.) Long; large; extensive. \ (v. i.) To lean on one side. \ (v. i.) To embrace the opinions of one party, or engage in its interest, in opposition to another party; to take sides, to side with the ministerial party. \ (v. t.) To be or stand at the side of; to be on the side toward. \ (v. t.) To suit; to pair; to match. \ (v. t.) To work (a timber or rib) to a certain thickness by trimming the sides. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a siding, to side a house.
insert distance n. the amount of space between two places or objects ("The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.") \ (n.) The space between two objects; the length of a line, especially the shortest line joining two points or things that are separate; measure of separation in place. \ (n.) Remoteness of place; a remote place. \ (n.) A space marked out in the last part of a race course. \ (n.) Relative space, between troops in ranks, measured from front to rear; -- contrasted with interval, which is measured from right to left. \ (n.) Space between two antagonists in fencing. \ (n.) The part of a picture which contains the representation of those objects which are the farthest away, esp. in a landscape. \ (n.) Ideal disjunction; discrepancy; contrariety. \ (n.) Length or interval of time; period, past or future, between two eras or events. \ (n.) The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence, respect; ceremoniousness. \ (n.) A withholding of intimacy; alienation; coldness; disagreement; variance; restraint; reserve. \ (n.) Remoteness in succession or relation; as, the distance between a descendant and his ancestor. \ (n.) The interval between two notes, the distance of a fourth or seventh. \ (v. t.) To place at a distance or remotely. \ (v. t.) To cause to appear as if at a distance; to make seem remote. \ (v. t.) To outstrip by as much as a distance (see Distance, n., 3); to leave far behind; to surpass greatly.
insert geography (n.) The science which treats of the world and its inhabitants; a description of the earth, or a portion of the earth, including its structure, fetures, products, political divisions, and the people by whom it is inhabited. \ (n.) A treatise on this science.
insert drawing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Draw \ (n.) The act of pulling, or attracting. \ (n.) The act or the art of representing any object by means of lines and shades; especially, such a representation when in one color, or in tints used not to represent the colors of natural objects, but for effect only, and produced with hard material such as pencil, chalk, etc.; delineation; also, the figure or representation drawn. \ (n.) The process of stretching or spreading metals as by hammering, or, as in forming wire from rods or tubes and cups from sheet metal, by pulling them through dies. \ (n.) The process of pulling out and elongating the sliver from the carding machine, by revolving rollers, to prepare it for spinning. \ (n.) The distribution of prizes and blanks in a lottery.
insert silently (adv.) In a silent manner.
insert suit (n.) The act of following or pursuing, as game; pursuit. \ (n.) The act of suing; the process by which one endeavors to gain an end or an object; an attempt to attain a certain result; pursuit; endeavor. \ (n.) The act of wooing in love; the solicitation of a woman in marriage; courtship. \ (n.) The attempt to gain an end by legal process; an action or process for the recovery of a right or claim; legal application to a court for justice; prosecution of right before any tribunal; as, a civil suit; a criminal suit; a suit in chancery. \ (n.) That which follows as a retinue; a company of attendants or followers; the assembly of persons who attend upon a prince, magistrate, or other person of distinction; -- often written suite, and pronounced sw/t. \ (n.) Things that follow in a series or succession; the individual objects, collectively considered, which constitute a series, as of rooms, buildings, compositions, etc., and pronounced sw/t. \ (n.) A number of things used together, and generally necessary to be united in order to answer their purpose; a number of things ordinarily classed or used together; a set, a suit of curtains; a suit of armor; a suit of clothes. \ (n.) One of the four sets of cards which constitute a pack; -- each set consisting of thirteen cards bearing a particular emblem, as hearts, spades, cubs, or diamonds. \ (n.) Regular order; succession. \ (v. t.) To fit; to adapt; to make proper or suitable, to suit the action to the word. \ (v. t.) To be fitted to; to accord with; to become; to befit. \ (v. t.) To dress; to clothe. \ (v. t.) To please; to make content, he is well suited with his place; to suit one's taste. \ (v. i.) To agree; to accord; to be fitted; to correspond; -- usually followed by with or to.
insert foot n. the bottom part of the leg; the part of the body that touches the ground when a person or animal walks \ (n.) The terminal part of the leg of man or an animal; esp., the part below the ankle or wrist; that part of an animal upon which it rests when standing, or moves. See Manus, and Pes. \ (n.) The muscular locomotive organ of a mollusk. It is a median organ arising from the ventral region of body, often in the form of a flat disk, as in snails. See Illust. of Buccinum. \ (n.) That which corresponds to the foot of a man or animal; as, the foot of a table; the foot of a stocking. \ (n.) The lowest part or base; the ground part; the bottom, as of a mountain or column; also, the last of a row or series; the end or extremity, esp. if associated with inferiority, the foot of a hill; the foot of the procession; the foot of a class; the foot of the bed. \ (n.) Fundamental principle; basis; plan; -- used only in the singular. \ (n.) Recognized condition; rank; footing; -- used only in the singular. \ (n.) A measure of length equivalent to twelve inches; one third of a yard. See Yard. \ (n.) Soldiers who march and fight on foot; the infantry, usually designated as the foot, in distinction from the cavalry. \ (n.) A combination of syllables consisting a metrical element of a verse, the syllables being formerly distinguished by their quantity or length, but in modern poetry by the accent. \ (n.) The lower edge of a sail. \ (v. i.) To tread to measure or music; to dance; to trip; to skip. \ (v. i.) To walk; -- opposed to ride or fly. \ (v. t.) To kick with the foot; to spurn. \ (v. t.) To set on foot; to establish; to land. \ (v. t.) To tread, to foot the green. \ (v. t.) To sum up, as the numbers in a column; -- sometimes with up, to foot (or foot up) an account. \ (v. t.) The size or strike with the talon. \ (v. t.) To renew the foot of, as of stocking.
insert favorite (n.) A person or thing regarded with peculiar favor; one treated with partiality; one preferred above others; especially, one unduly loved, trusted, and enriched with favors by a person of high rank or authority. \ (n.) Short curls dangling over the temples; -- fashionable in the reign of Charles II. \ (n.) The competitor (as a horse in a race) that is judged most likely to win; the competitor standing highest in the betting. \ (a.) Regarded with particular affection, esteem, or preference; as, a favorite walk; a favorite child.
insert breathe v. to take air into the body and let it out again \ (v. i.) To respire; to inhale and exhale air; hence, to live. \ (v. i.) To take breath; to rest from action. \ (v. i.) To pass like breath; noiselessly or gently; to exhale; to emanate; to blow gently. \ (v. t.) To inhale and exhale in the process of respiration; to respire. \ (v. t.) To inject by breathing; to infuse; -- with into. \ (v. t.) To emit or utter by the breath; to utter softly; to whisper; as, to breathe a vow. \ (v. t.) To exhale; to emit, as breath, the flowers breathe odors or perfumes. \ (v. t.) To express; to manifest; to give forth. \ (v. t.) To act upon by the breath; to cause to sound by breathing. \ (v. t.) To promote free respiration in; to exercise. \ (v. t.) To suffer to take breath, or recover the natural breathing; to rest, to breathe a horse. \ (v. t.) To put out of breath; to exhaust. \ (v. t.) To utter without vocality, as the nonvocal consonants.
insert nose (n.) The prominent part of the face or anterior extremity of the head containing the nostrils and olfactory cavities; the olfactory organ. See Nostril, and Olfactory organ under Olfactory. \ (n.) The power of smelling; hence, scent. \ (n.) A projecting end or beak at the front of an object; a snout; a nozzle; a spout; as, the nose of a bellows; the nose of a teakettle. \ (v. t.) To smell; to scent, to track, or trace out. \ (v. t.) To touch with the nose; to push the nose into or against, to interfere with; to treat insolently. \ (v. t.) To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang, to nose a prayer. \ (v. i.) To smell; to sniff; to scent. \ (v. i.) To pry officiously into what does not concern one. \ (v. t.) To confront; be closely face to face or opposite to; meet. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a nose, to nose a stair tread. \ (v. t.) To examine with the nose or sense of smell. \ (v. t.) To make by advancing the nose or front end, the train nosed its way into the statio; \ (v. t.) to beat by (the length of) a nose. \ (v. i.) To push or move with the nose or front forward.
insert excited (imp. & p. p.) of Excite
insert wine (n.) The expressed juice of grapes, esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice, and (usually) allowing it to ferment. \ (n.) A liquor or beverage prepared from the juice of any fruit or plant by a process similar to that for grape wine; as, currant wine; gooseberry wine; palm wine. \ (n.) The effect of drinking wine in excess; intoxication.
insert aunt (n.) The sister of one's father or mother; -- correlative to nephew or niece. Also applied to an uncle's wife. \ (n.) An old woman; and old gossip. \ (n.) A bawd, or a prostitute.
insert west n. the direction in which the sun goes down \ (n.) The point in the heavens where the sun is seen to set at the equinox; or, the corresponding point on the earth; that one of the four cardinal points of the compass which is in a direction at right angles to that of north and south, and on the left hand of a person facing north; the point directly opposite to east. \ (n.) A country, or region of country, which, with regard to some other country or region, is situated in the direction toward the west. \ (n.) The Westen hemisphere, or the New World so called, it having been discovered by sailing westward from Europe; the Occident. \ (n.) Formerly, that part of the United States west of the Alleghany mountains; now, commonly, the whole region west of the Mississippi river; esp., that part which is north of the Indian Territory, New Mexico, etc. Usually with the definite article. \ (a.) Lying toward the west; situated at the west, or in a western direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the west, or coming from the west; as, a west course is one toward the west; an east and west line; a west wind blows from the west. \ (adv.) Westward. \ (v. i.) To pass to the west; to set, as the sun. \ (v. i.) To turn or move toward the west; to veer from the north or south toward the west. \ (a.) Designating, or situated in, that part of a church which is opposite to, and farthest from, the east, or the part containing the chancel and choir.
insert full ad. containing as much as a person or thing can hold; complete \ (Compar.) Filled up, having within its limits all that it can contain; supplied; not empty or vacant; -- said primarily of hollow vessels, and hence of anything else; as, a cup full of water; a house full of people. \ (Compar.) Abundantly furnished or provided; sufficient in. quantity, quality, or degree; copious; plenteous; ample; adequate, a full meal; a full supply; a full voice; a full compensation; a house full of furniture. \ (Compar.) Not wanting in any essential quality; complete, entire; perfect, a full narrative; a person of full age; a full stop; a full face; the full moon. \ (Compar.) Sated; surfeited. \ (Compar.) Having the mind filled with ideas; stocked with knowledge; stored with information. \ (Compar.) Having the attention, thoughts, etc., absorbed in any matter, and the feelings more or less excited by it, to be full of some project. \ (Compar.) Filled with emotions. \ (Compar.) Impregnated; made pregnant. \ (n.) Complete measure; utmost extent; the highest state or degree. \ (adv.) Quite; to the same degree; without abatement or diminution; with the whole force or effect; thoroughly; completely; exactly; entirely. \ (v. i.) To become full or wholly illuminated, the moon fulls at midnight. \ (n.) To thicken by moistening, heating, and pressing, as cloth; to mill; to make compact; to scour, cleanse, and thicken in a mill. \ (v. i.) To become fulled or thickened, this material fulls well.
insert walker (n.) One who walks; a pedestrian. \ (n.) That with which one walks; a foot. \ (n.) A forest officer appointed to walk over a certain space for inspection; a forester. \ (v. t.) A fuller of cloth. \ (v. t.) Any ambulatorial orthopterous insect, as a stick insect.
insert once ad. one time only \ (adv.) By limitation to the number one; for one time; not twice nor any number of times more than one. \ (adv.) At some one period of time; -- used indefinitely. \ (adv.) At any one time; -- often nearly equivalent to ever, if ever, or whenever; as, once kindled, it may not be quenched.
insert captain (n.) A head, or chief officer \ (n.) The military officer who commands a company, troop, or battery, or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service. \ (n.) An officer in the United States navy, next above a commander and below a commodore, and ranking with a colonel in the army. \ (n.) By courtesy, an officer actually commanding a vessel, although not having the rank of captain. \ (n.) The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel. \ (n.) One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as, a captain of a top, captain of a gun, etc. \ (n.) The foreman of a body of workmen. \ (n.) A person having authority over others acting in concert, the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team. \ (n.) A military leader; a warrior. \ (v. t.) To act as captain of; to lead. \ (a.) Chief; superior.
insert observation (n.) The act or the faculty of observing or taking notice; the act of seeing, or of fixing the mind upon, anything. \ (n.) The result of an act, or of acts, of observing; view; reflection; conclusion; judgment. \ (n.) Hence: An expression of an opinion or judgment upon what one has observed; a remark. \ (n.) Performance of what is prescribed; adherence in practice; observance. \ (n.) The act of recognizing and noting some fact or occurrence in nature, as an aurora, a corona, or the structure of an animal. \ (n.) Specifically, the act of measuring, with suitable instruments, some magnitude, as the time of an occultation, with a clock; the right ascension of a star, with a transit instrument and clock; the sun's altitude, or the distance of the moon from a star, with a sextant; the temperature, with a thermometer, etc.  \ (n.) The information so acquired.
insert media n. all public information organizations, including newspapers, television and radio \ (n.) pl. of Medium. \ (n.) One of the sonant mutes /, /, \ (pl. ) of Medium / (b, d, g), in Greek, or of their equivalents in other languages, so named as intermediate between the tenues, /, /, / (p, t, k), and the aspiratae (aspirates) /, /, / (ph or f, th, ch). Also called middle mute, or medial, and sometimes soft mute.
insert dream v. to have a picture or story in the mind during sleep; n. a picture or story in the mind during sleep; a happy idea about the future \ (n.) The thoughts, or series of thoughts, or imaginary transactions, which occupy the mind during sleep; a sleeping vision. \ (n.) A visionary scheme; a wild conceit; an idle fancy; a vagary; a revery; -- in this sense, applied to an imaginary or anticipated state of happiness; as, a dream of bliss; the dream of his youth. \ (n.) To have ideas or images in the mind while in the state of sleep; to experience sleeping visions; -- often with of, to dream of a battle, or of an absent friend. \ (n.) To let the mind run on in idle revery or vagary; to anticipate vaguely as a coming and happy reality; to have a visionary notion or idea; to imagine. \ (v. t.) To have a dream of; to see, or have a vision of, in sleep, or in idle fancy; -- often followed by an objective clause.
insert postman (n.) A post or courier; a letter carrier. \ (n.) One of the two most experienced barristers in the Court of Exchequer, who have precedence in motions; -- so called from the place where he sits. The other of the two is called the tubman.
insert journal (a.) Daily; diurnal. \ (a.) A diary; an account of daily transactions and events. \ (a.) A book of accounts, in which is entered a condensed and grouped statement of the daily transactions. \ (a.) A daily register of the ship's course and distance, the winds, weather, incidents of the voyage, etc. \ (a.) The record of daily proceedings, kept by the clerk. \ (a.) A newspaper published daily; by extension, a weekly newspaper or any periodical publication, giving an account of passing events, the proceedings and memoirs of societies, etc. \ (a.) That which has occurred in a day; a day's work or travel; a day's journey. \ (a.) That portion of a rotating piece, as a shaft, axle, spindle, etc., which turns in a bearing or box. See Illust. of Axle box.
insert force v. to make someone do something or make something happen by using power; n. power, strength; strength used against a person or object; military power of a nation; a military group \ (v. t.) To stuff; to lard; to farce. \ (n.) A waterfall; a cascade. \ (n.) Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often, an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially, power to persuade, or convince, or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as, the force of an appeal, an argument, a contract, or a term. \ (n.) Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion. \ (n.) Strength or power for war; hence, a body of land or naval combatants, with their appurtenances, ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural, a body of men prepared for action in other ways, the laboring force of a plantation. \ (n.) Strength or power exercised without law, or contrary to law, upon persons or things; violence. \ (n.) Validity; efficacy. \ (n.) Any action between two bodies which changes, or tends to change, their relative condition as to rest or motion; or, more generally, which changes, any physical relation between them, whether mechanical, thermal, chemical, electrical, magnetic, or of any other kind, the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force. \ (n.) To constrain to do or to forbear, by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical, moral, or intellectual means; to coerce, masters force slaves to labor. \ (n.) To compel, as by strength of evidence, to force conviction on the mind. \ (n.) To do violence to; to overpower, or to compel by violence to one;s will, to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon. \ (n.) To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress. \ (n.) To impel, drive, wrest, extort, get, etc., by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb, as along, away, from, into, through, out, etc. \ (n.) To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce. \ (n.) To exert to the utmost; to urge, to strain; to urge to excessive, unnatural, or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort, to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits. \ (n.) To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none. \ (n.) To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison. \ (n.) To allow the force of; to value; to care for. \ (v. i.) To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor. \ (v. i.) To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate, to force of, to make much account of; to regard. \ (v. i.) To be of force, importance, or weight; to matter.
insert selection (n.) The act of selecting, or the state of being selected; choice, by preference. \ (n.) That which is selected; a collection of things chosen; as, a choice selection of books.
insert kangaroo (n.) Any one of numerous species of jumping marsupials of the family Macropodidae. They inhabit Australia, New Guinea, and adjacent islands, They have long and strong hind legs and a large tail, while the fore legs are comparatively short and feeble. The giant kangaroo (Macropus major) is the largest species, sometimes becoming twelve or fourteen feet in total length. The tree kangaroos, belonging to the genus Dendrolagus, live in trees; the rock kangaroos, of the genus Petrogale, inhabit rocky situations; and the brush kangaroos, of the genus Halmaturus, inhabit wooded districts. See Wallaby.
insert dance v. to move the body and feet to music; n. a series of steps, usually to music \ (v. i.) To move with measured steps, or to a musical accompaniment; to go through, either alone or in company with others, with a regulated succession of movements, (commonly) to the sound of music; to trip or leap rhythmically. \ (v. i.) To move nimbly or merrily; to express pleasure by motion; to caper; to frisk; to skip about. \ (v. t.) To cause to dance, or move nimbly or merrily about, or up and down; to dandle. \ (v. i.) The leaping, tripping, or measured stepping of one who dances; an amusement, in which the movements of the persons are regulated by art, in figures and in accord with music. \ (v. i.) A tune by which dancing is regulated, as the minuet, the waltz, the cotillon, etc.
insert dollar n. United States money, one hundred cents \ (n.) A silver coin of the United States containing 371.25 grains of silver and 41.25 grains of alloy, that is, having a total weight of 412.5 grains. \ (n.) A gold coin of the United States containing 23.22 grains of gold and 2.58 grains of alloy, having a total weight of 25.8 grains, nine-tenths fine. It is no longer coined. \ (n.) A coin of the same general weight and value, though differing slightly in different countries, current in Mexico, Canada, parts of South America, also in Spain, and several other European countries. \ (n.) The value of a dollar; the unit commonly employed in the United States in reckoning money values.
insert city n. any important large town \ (n.) A large town. \ (n.) A corporate town; in the United States, a town or collective body of inhabitants, incorporated and governed by a mayor and aldermen or a city council consisting of a board of aldermen and a common council; in Great Britain, a town corporate, which is or has been the seat of a bishop, or the capital of his see. \ (n.) The collective body of citizens, or inhabitants of a city. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a city.
insert itself (pron.) The neuter reciprocal pronoun of It; as, the thing is good in itself; it stands by itself.
insert classic (n.) Alt. of Classical \ (n.) A work of acknowledged excellence and authority, or its author; -- originally used of Greek and Latin works or authors, but now applied to authors and works of a like character in any language. \ (n.) One learned in the literature of Greece and Rome, or a student of classical literature.
insert loyal ad. showing strong friendship and support for someone or something \ (a.) Faithful to law; upholding the lawful authority; faithful and true to the lawful government; faithful to the prince or sovereign to whom one is subject; unswerving in allegiance. \ (a.) True to any person or persons to whom one owes fidelity, especially as a wife to her husband, lovers to each other, and friend to friend; constant; faithful to a cause or a principle.
insert nerve a thin piece of tissue that sends information through the body to and from the brain \ (n.) One of the whitish and elastic bundles of fibers, with the accompanying tissues, which transmit nervous impulses between nerve centers and various parts of the animal body. \ (n.) A sinew or a tendon. \ (n.) Physical force or steadiness; muscular power and control; constitutional vigor. \ (n.) Steadiness and firmness of mind; self-command in personal danger, or under suffering; unshaken courage and endurance; coolness; pluck; resolution. \ (n.) Audacity; assurance. \ (n.) One of the principal fibrovascular bundles or ribs of a leaf, especially when these extend straight from the base or the midrib of the leaf. \ (n.) One of the nervures, or veins, in the wings of insects. \ (v. t.) To give strength or vigor to; to supply with force; as, fear nerved his arm.
insert comfortably (adv.) In a comfortable or comforting manner.
insert tall ad. higher than others; opposite short \ (superl.) High in stature; having a considerable, or an unusual, extension upward; long and comparatively slender; having the diameter or lateral extent small in proportion to the height; as, a tall person, tree, or mast. \ (superl.) Brave; bold; courageous. \ (superl.) Fine; splendid; excellent; also, extravagant; excessive.
insert repeat v. to say or do again \ (v. t.) To go over again; to attempt, do, make, or utter again; to iterate; to recite; as, to repeat an effort, an order, or a poem. \ (v. t.) To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again. \ (v. t.) To repay or refund (an excess received). \ (n.) The act of repeating; repetition. \ (n.) That which is repeated, the repeat of a pattern; that is, the repetition of the engraved figure on a roller by which an impression is produced (as in calico printing, etc.). \ (n.) A mark, or series of dots, placed before and after, or often only at the end of, a passage to be repeated in performance.
insert would (imp.) of Will \ (v. t.) Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will. \ (n.) See 2d Weld.
insert bottom ad. the lowest part of something \ (n.) The lowest part of anything; the foot; as, the bottom of a tree or well; the bottom of a hill, a lane, or a page. \ (n.) The part of anything which is beneath the contents and supports them, as the part of a chair on which a person sits, the circular base or lower head of a cask or tub, or the plank floor of a ship's hold; the under surface. \ (n.) That upon which anything rests or is founded, in a literal or a figurative sense; foundation; groundwork. \ (n.) The bed of a body of water, as of a river, lake, sea. \ (n.) The fundament; the buttocks. \ (n.) An abyss. \ (n.) Low land formed by alluvial deposits along a river; low-lying ground; a dale; a valley. \ (n.) The part of a ship which is ordinarily under water; hence, the vessel itself; a ship. \ (n.) Power of endurance, a horse of a good bottom. \ (n.) Dregs or grounds; lees; sediment. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the bottom; fundamental; lowest; under, bottom rock; the bottom board of a wagon box; bottom prices. \ (v. t.) To found or build upon; to fix upon as a support; -- followed by on or upon. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a bottom, to bottom a chair. \ (v. t.) To reach or get to the bottom of. \ (v. i.) To rest, as upon an ultimate support; to be based or grounded; -- usually with on or upon. \ (v. i.) To reach or impinge against the bottom, so as to impede free action, as when the point of a cog strikes the bottom of a space between two other cogs, or a piston the end of a cylinder. \ (n.) A ball or skein of thread; a cocoon. \ (v. t.) To wind round something, as in making a ball of thread.
insert which pro. used to ask about what one or what ones of a group of things or people ("Which program do you like best?" "Which students will take the test?") \ (a.) Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who. \ (a.) A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively, and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is it? which woman was it? which is the house? he asked which route he should take; which is best, to live or to die? See the Note under What, pron., 1. \ (pron.) A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons. \ (pron.) A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the like, take which you will.
insert dirty (superl.) Defiled with dirt; foul; nasty; filthy; not clean or pure; serving to defile; as, dirty hands; dirty water; a dirty white. \ (superl.) Sullied; clouded; -- applied to color. \ (superl.) Sordid; base; groveling, a dirty fellow. \ (superl.) Sleety; gusty; stormy, dirty weather. \ (v. t.) To foul; to make filthy; to soil, to dirty the clothes or hands. \ (v. t.) To tarnish; to sully; to scandalize; -- said of reputation, character, etc.
insert mad (n.) A slattern. \ (n.) The name of a female fairy, esp. the queen of the fairies; and hence, sometimes, any fairy. \ p. p. of Made. \ (superl.) Disordered in intellect; crazy; insane. \ (superl.) Excited beyond self-control or the restraint of reason; inflamed by violent or uncontrollable desire, passion, or appetite; as, to be mad with terror, lust, or hatred; mad against political reform. \ (superl.) Proceeding from, or indicating, madness; expressing distraction; prompted by infatuation, fury, or extreme rashness. \ (superl.) Extravagant; immoderate. \ (superl.) Furious with rage, terror, or disease; -- said of the lower animals, a mad bull; esp., having hydrophobia; rabid, a mad dog. \ (superl.) Angry; out of patience; vexed, to get mad at a person. \ (superl.) Having impaired polarity; -- applied to a compass needle. \ (v. t.) To make mad or furious; to madden. \ (v. i.) To be mad; to go mad; to rave. See Madding. \ (n.) An earthworm.
insert plus (a.) More, required to be added; positive, as distinguished from negative; -- opposed to minus. \ (a.) Hence, in a literary sense, additional; real; actual.
insert cut v. to divide or injure with a sharp tool; to make less; to reduce \ (imp. & p. p.) of Cut \ (v. t.) To separate the parts of with, or as with, a sharp instrument; to make an incision in; to gash; to sever; to divide. \ (v. t.) To sever and cause to fall for the purpose of gathering; to hew; to mow or reap. \ (v. t.) To sever and remove by cutting; to cut off; to dock; as, to cut the hair; to cut the nails. \ (v. t.) To castrate or geld, to cut a horse. \ (v. t.) To form or shape by cutting; to make by incision, hewing, etc.; to carve; to hew out. \ (v. t.) To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce; to lacerate, sarcasm cuts to the quick. \ (v. t.) To intersect; to cross, one line cuts another at right angles. \ (v. t.) To refuse to recognize; to ignore, to cut a person in the street; to cut one's acquaintance. \ (v. t.) To absent one's self from, to cut an appointment, a recitation. etc. \ (v. i.) To do the work of an edged tool; to serve in dividing or gashing, a knife cuts well. \ (v. i.) To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument. \ (v. i.) To perform the operation of dividing, severing, incising, intersecting; to use a cutting instrument. \ (v. i.) To make a stroke with a whip. \ (v. i.) To interfere, as a horse. \ (v. i.) To move or make off quickly. \ (v. i.) To divide a pack of cards into two portion to decide the deal or trump, or to change the order of the cards to be dealt. \ (n.) An opening made with an edged instrument; a cleft; a gash; a slash; a wound made by cutting, a sword cut. \ (n.) A stroke or blow or cutting motion with an edged instrument; a stroke or blow with a whip. \ (n.) That which wounds the feelings, as a harsh remark or criticism, or a sarcasm; personal discourtesy, as neglecting to recognize an acquaintance when meeting him; a slight. \ (n.) A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove, a cut for a railroad. \ (n.) The surface left by a cut, a smooth or clear cut. \ (n.) A portion severed or cut off; a division, a cut of beef; a cut of timber. \ (n.) An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving, a book illustrated with fine cuts. \ (n.) The act of dividing a pack cards. \ (n.) The right to divide, whose cut is it? \ (n.) Manner in which a thing is cut or formed; shape; style; fashion, the cut of a garment. \ (n.) A common work horse; a gelding. \ (n.) The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise. \ (n.) A skein of yarn. \ (a.) Gashed or divided, as by a cutting instrument. \ (a.) Formed or shaped as by cutting; carved. \ (a.) Overcome by liquor; tipsy. \ (v. t.) To deflect (a bowled ball) to the off, with a chopping movement of the bat. \ (v. t.) To drive (an object ball) to either side by hitting it fine on the other side with the cue ball or another object ball. \ (v. t.) To strike (a ball) with the racket inclined or struck across the ball so as to put a certain spin on the ball.
insert onion (n.) A liliaceous plant of the genus Allium (A. cepa), having a strong-flavored bulb and long hollow leaves; also, its bulbous root, much used as an article of food. The name is often extended to other species of the genus.
insert pair (n.) A number of things resembling one another, or belonging together; a set; as, a pair or flight of stairs. "A pair of beads." Chaucer. Beau. & Fl. "Four pair of stairs." Macaulay. [Now mostly or quite disused, except as to stairs.] \ (n.) Two things of a kind, similar in form, suited to each other, and intended to be used together, a pair of gloves or stockings; a pair of shoes. \ (n.) Two of a sort; a span; a yoke; a couple; a brace, a pair of horses; a pair of oxen. \ (n.) A married couple; a man and wife. \ (n.) A single thing, composed of two pieces fitted to each other and used together, a pair of scissors; a pair of tongs; a pair of bellows. \ (n.) Two members of opposite parties or opinion, as in a parliamentary body, who mutually agree not to vote on a given question, or on issues of a party nature during a specified time, there were two pairs on the final vote. \ (n.) In a mechanism, two elements, or bodies, which are so applied to each other as to mutually constrain relative motion. \ (v. i.) To be joined in paris; to couple; to mate, as for breeding. \ (v. i.) To suit; to fit, as a counterpart. \ (v. i.) Same as To pair off. See phrase below. \ (v. t.) To unite in couples; to form a pair of; to bring together, as things which belong together, or which complement, or are adapted to one another. \ (v. t.) To engage (one's self) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions. \ (v. t.) To impair. \ A union of two conductors, as bars or wires of dissimilar metals joined at their extremities, for producing a thermoelectric current.
insert stamp (v. i.) To strike beat, or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward. \ (v. i.) To bring down (the foot) forcibly on the ground or floor; as, he stamped his foot with rage. \ (v. i.) To crush; to pulverize; specifically (Metal.), to crush by the blow of a heavy stamp, as ore in a mill. \ (v. i.) To impress with some mark or figure, to stamp a plate with arms or initials. \ (v. i.) Fig.: To impress; to imprint; to fix deeply, to stamp virtuous principles on the heart. \ (v. i.) To cut out, bend, or indent, as paper, sheet metal, etc., into various forms, by a blow or suddenly applied pressure with a stamp or die; to mint; to coin. \ (v. i.) To put a stamp on, as for postage, to stamp a letter; to stamp a legal document. \ (v. i.) To strike; to beat; to crush. \ (v. i.) To strike the foot forcibly downward. \ (n.) The act of stamping, as with the foot. \ (n.) The which stamps; any instrument for making impressions on other bodies, as a die. \ (n.) The mark made by stamping; a mark imprinted; an impression. \ (n.) that which is marked; a thing stamped. \ (v. t.) A picture cut in wood or metal, or made by impression; a cut; a plate. \ (v. t.) An offical mark set upon things chargeable with a duty or tax to government, as evidence that the duty or tax is paid, the stamp on a bill of exchange. \ (v. t.) Hence, a stamped or printed device, issued by the government at a fixed price, and required by law to be affixed to, or stamped on, certain papers, as evidence that the government dues are paid, a postage stamp; a receipt stamp, etc. \ (v. t.) An instrument for cutting out, or shaping, materials, leather, by a downward pressure. \ (v. t.) A character or reputation, good or bad, fixed on anything as if by an imprinted mark; current value; authority, these persons have the stamp of dishonesty; the Scriptures bear the stamp of a divine origin. \ (v. t.) Make; cast; form; character, a man of the same stamp, or of a different stamp. \ (v. t.) A kind of heavy hammer, or pestle, raised by water or steam power, for beating ores to powder; anything like a pestle, used for pounding or bathing. \ (v. t.) A half-penny. \ (v. t.) Money, esp. paper money.
insert stomach breaks down food for the body to use \ (n.) An enlargement, or series of enlargements, in the anterior part of the alimentary canal, in which food is digested; any cavity in which digestion takes place in an animal; a digestive cavity. See Digestion, and Gastric juice, under Gastric. \ (n.) The desire for food caused by hunger; appetite; as, a good stomach for roast beef. \ (n.) Hence appetite in general; inclination; desire. \ (n.) Violence of temper; anger; sullenness; resentment; willful obstinacy; stubbornness. \ (n.) Pride; haughtiness; arrogance. \ (v. t.) To resent; to remember with anger; to dislike. \ (v. t.) To bear without repugnance; to brook. \ (v. i.) To be angry.
insert pillow (n.) Anything used to support the head of a person when reposing; especially, a sack or case filled with feathers, down, hair, or other soft material. \ (n.) A piece of metal or wood, forming a support to equalize pressure; a brass; a pillow block. \ (n.) A block under the inner end of a bowsprit. \ (n.) A kind of plain, coarse fustian. \ (v. t.) To rest or lay upon, or as upon, a pillow; to support; as, to pillow the head.
insert humor n. the ability to understand, enjoy or express what makes people laugh \ (n.) Moisture, especially, the moisture or fluid of animal bodies, as the chyle, lymph, etc.; as, the humors of the eye \ (n.) A vitiated or morbid animal fluid, such as often causes an eruption on the skin. \ (n.) State of mind, whether habitual or temporary (as formerly supposed to depend on the character or combination of the fluids of the body); disposition; temper; mood, good humor; ill humor. \ (n.) Changing and uncertain states of mind; caprices; freaks; vagaries; whims. \ (n.) That quality of the imagination which gives to ideas an incongruous or fantastic turn, and tends to excite laughter or mirth by ludicrous images or representations; a playful fancy; facetiousness. \ (v. t.) To comply with the humor of; to adjust matters so as suit the peculiarities, or exigencies of; to adapt one's self to; to indulge by skillful adaptation, to humor the mind. \ (v. t.) To help on by indulgence or compliant treatment; to soothe; to gratify; to please.
insert discovery (n.) The action of discovering; exposure to view; laying open; showing; as, the discovery of a plot. \ (n.) A making known; revelation; disclosure, a bankrupt is bound to make a full discovery of his assets. \ (n.) Finding out or ascertaining something previously unknown or unrecognized, Harvey's discovery of the circulation of the blood. \ (n.) That which is discovered; a thing found out, or for the first time ascertained or recognized, the properties of the magnet were an important discovery. \ (n.) Exploration; examination.
insert yet ad. at some time before now ("Have they arrived yet?"); now; at this time ("I cannot tell you about it yet."); conj. however ("The sun was shining, yet it was cold.") \ (n.) Any one of several species of large marine gastropods belonging to the genus Yetus, or Cymba; a boat shell. \ (adv.) In addition; further; besides; over and above; still. \ (adv.) At the same time; by continuance from a former state; still. \ (adv.) Up to the present time; thus far; hitherto; until now; -- and with the negative, not yet, not up to the present time; not as soon as now; as, Is it time to go? Not yet. See As yet, under As, conj. \ (conj.) Before some future time; before the end; eventually; in time. \ (conj.) Even; -- used emphatically. \ (conj.) Nevertheless; notwithstanding; however.
insert boring (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Bore \ (n.) The act or process of one who, or that which, bores; as, the boring of cannon; the boring of piles and ship timbers by certain marine mollusks. \ (n.) A hole made by boring. \ (n.) The chips or fragments made by boring.
insert ribbon (n.) A fillet or narrow woven fabric, commonly of silk, used for trimming some part of a woman's attire, for badges, and other decorative purposes. \ (n.) A narrow strip or shred; as, a steel or magnesium ribbon; sails torn to ribbons. \ (n.) Same as Rib-band. \ (n.) Driving reins. \ (n.) A bearing similar to the bend, but only one eighth as wide. \ (n.) A silver. \ (v. t.) To adorn with, or as with, ribbons; to mark with stripes resembling ribbons.
insert competition (n.) The act of seeking, or endeavoring to gain, what another is endeavoring to gain at the same time; common strife for the same objects; strife for superiority; emulous contest; rivalry, as for approbation, for a prize, or as where two or more persons are engaged in the same business and each seeking patronage; -- followed by for before the object sought, and with before the person or thing competed with.
insert himself (pron.) An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as, he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case, it is himself who saved himself. \ (pron.) One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness, passion, delirium, or abasement), the man has come to himself. \ (pron. pl.) Alt. of Himselven
insert train v. to teach or learn how to do something; to prepare for an activity; n. an engine and the cars connected to it that move along a railroad \ (v. t.) To draw along; to trail; to drag. \ (v. t.) To draw by persuasion, artifice, or the like; to attract by stratagem; to entice; to allure. \ (v. t.) To teach and form by practice; to educate; to exercise; to discipline; as, to train the militia to the manual exercise; to train soldiers to the use of arms. \ (v. t.) To break, tame, and accustom to draw, as oxen. \ (v. t.) To lead or direct, and form to a wall or espalier; to form to a proper shape, by bending, lopping, or pruning, to train young trees. \ (v. t.) To trace, as a lode or any mineral appearance, to its head. \ (v. i.) To be drilled in military exercises; to do duty in a military company. \ (v. i.) To prepare by exercise, diet, instruction, etc., for any physical contest, to train for a boat race. \ (v.) That which draws along; especially, persuasion, or enticement; allurement. \ (v.) Hence, something tied to a lure to entice a hawk; also, a trap for an animal; a snare. \ (v.) That which is drawn along in the rear of, or after, something; that which is in the hinder part or rear. \ (v.) That part of a gown which trails behind the wearer. \ (v.) The after part of a gun carriage; the trail. \ (v.) The tail of a bird. \ (v.) A number of followers; a body of attendants; a retinue; a suite. \ (v.) A consecution or succession of connected things; a series. \ (v.) Regular method; process; course; order, things now in a train for settlement. \ (v.) The number of beats of a watch in any certain time. \ (v.) A line of gunpowder laid to lead fire to a charge, mine, or the like. \ (v.) A connected line of cars or carriages on a railroad. \ (v.) A heavy, long sleigh used in Canada for the transportation of merchandise, wood, and the like. \ (v.) A roll train, a 12-inch train. \ (n.) A heavy long sleigh used in Canada for the transportation of merchandise, and the like. \ (n.) The aggregation of men, animals, and vehicles which accompany an army or one of its subdivisions, and transport its baggage, ammunition, supplies, and reserve materials of all kinds.
insert is (v. i.) The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
insert anything (n.) Any object, act, state, event, or fact whatever; thing of any kind; something or other; aught; as, I would not do it for anything. \ (n.) Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like. \ (adv.) In any measure; anywise; at all.
insert housing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of House \ (n.) The act of putting or receiving under shelter; the state of dwelling in a habitation. \ (n.) That which shelters or covers; houses, taken collectively. \ (n.) The space taken out of one solid, to admit the insertion of part of another, as the end of one timber in the side of another. \ (n.) A niche for a statue. \ (n.) A frame or support for holding something in place, as journal boxes, etc. \ (n.) That portion of a mast or bowsprit which is beneath the deck or within the vessel. \ (n.) A covering or protection, as an awning over the deck of a ship when laid up. \ (n.) A houseline. See Houseline. \ (n.) A cover or cloth for a horse's saddle, as an ornamental or military appendage; a saddlecloth; a horse cloth; in plural, trappings. \ (n.) An appendage to the hames or collar of a harness.
insert breath (n.) The air inhaled and exhaled in respiration; air which, in the process of respiration, has parted with oxygen and has received carbonic acid, aqueous vapor, warmth, etc. \ (n.) The act of breathing naturally or freely; the power or capacity to breathe freely; as, I am out of breath. \ (n.) The power of respiration, and hence, life. \ (n.) Time to breathe; respite; pause. \ (n.) A single respiration, or the time of making it; a single act; an instant. \ (n.) Fig.: That which gives or strengthens life. \ (n.) A single word; the slightest effort; a trifle. \ (n.) A very slight breeze; air in gentle motion. \ (n.) Fragrance; exhalation; odor; perfume. \ (n.) Gentle exercise, causing a quicker respiration.
insert typical (a.) Of the nature of a type; representing something by a form, model, or resemblance; emblematic; prefigurative. \ (a.) Combining or exhibiting the essential characteristics of a group; as, a typical genus.
insert bag (n.) A sack or pouch, used for holding anything; as, a bag of meal or of money. \ (n.) A sac, or dependent gland, in animal bodies, containing some fluid or other substance, the bag of poison in the mouth of some serpents; the bag of a cow. \ (n.) A sort of silken purse formerly tied about men's hair behind, by way of ornament. \ (n.) The quantity of game bagged. \ (n.) A certain quantity of a commodity, such as it is customary to carry to market in a sack, a bag of pepper or hops; a bag of coffee. \ (v. t.) To put into a bag, to bag hops. \ (v. t.) To seize, capture, or entrap, to bag an army; to bag game. \ (v. t.) To furnish or load with a bag or with a well filled bag. \ (v. i.) To swell or hang down like a full bag, the skin bags from containing morbid matter. \ (v. i.) To swell with arrogance. \ (v. i.) To become pregnant.
insert wash v. to make clean, usually with water \ (v. t.) To cleanse by ablution, or dipping or rubbing in water; to apply water or other liquid to for the purpose of cleansing; to scrub with water, etc., or as with water; as, to wash the hands or body; to wash garments; to wash sheep or wool; to wash the pavement or floor; to wash the bark of trees. \ (v. t.) To cover with water or any liquid; to wet; to fall on and moisten; hence, to overflow or dash against, waves wash the shore. \ (v. t.) To waste or abrade by the force of water in motion, heavy rains wash a road or an embankment. \ (v. t.) To remove by washing to take away by, or as by, the action of water; to drag or draw off as by the tide; -- often with away, off, out, to wash dirt from the hands. \ (v. t.) To cover with a thin or watery coat of color; to tint lightly and thinly. \ (v. t.) To overlay with a thin coat of metal, steel washed with silver. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of ablution. \ (v. i.) To clean anything by rubbing or dipping it in water; to perform the business of cleansing clothes, ore, in water. \ (v. i.) To bear without injury the operation of being washed, some calicoes do not wash. \ (v. i.) To be wasted or worn away by the action of water, as by a running or overflowing stream, or by the dashing of the sea; -- said of road, a beach, etc. \ (n.) The act of washing; an ablution; a cleansing, wetting, or dashing with water, a quantity, as of clothes, washed at once. \ (n.) A piece of ground washed by the action of a sea or river, or sometimes covered and sometimes left dry; the shallowest part of a river, or arm of the sea; also, a bog; a marsh; a fen, the washes in Lincolnshire. \ (n.) Substances collected and deposited by the action of water, the wash of a sewer, of a river, etc. \ (n.) Waste liquid, the refuse of food, the collection from washed dishes, from a kitchen, often used as food for pigs. \ (n.) The fermented wort before the spirit is extracted. \ (n.) A mixture of dunder, molasses, water, and scummings, used in the West Indies for distillation. \ (n.) That with which anything is washed, or wetted, smeared, tinted, upon the surface. \ (n.) A liquid cosmetic for the complexion. \ (n.) A liquid dentifrice. \ (n.) A liquid preparation for the hair, a hair wash. \ (n.) A medical preparation in a liquid form for external application; a lotion. \ (n.) A thin coat of color, esp. water color. \ (n.) A thin coat of metal laid on anything for beauty or preservation. \ (n.) The blade of an oar, or the thin part which enters the water. \ (n.) The backward current or disturbed water caused by the action of oars, or of a steamer's screw or paddles, etc. \ (n.) The flow, swash, or breaking of a body of water, as a wave, the sound of it. \ (n.) Ten strikes, or bushels, of oysters. \ (a.) Washy; weak. \ (a.) Capable of being washed without injury; washable, wash goods. \ (v. i.) To use washes, as for the face or hair.
insert part n. something less than the whole; not all of something \ (n.) One of the portions, equal or unequal, into which anything is divided, or regarded as divided; something less than a whole; a number, quantity, mass, or the like, regarded as going to make up, with others, a larger number, etc., whether actually separate or not; a piece; a fragment; a fraction; a division; a member; a constituent. \ (n.) An equal constituent portion; one of several or many like quantities, numbers, or of which it is composed; proportional division or ingredient. \ (n.) A constituent portion of a living or spiritual whole; an organ; an essential element. \ (n.) A constituent of character or capacity; quality; faculty; talent; -- usually in the plural with a collective sense. \ (n.) Quarter; region; district; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) Such portion of any quantity, as when taken a certain number of times, will exactly make that quantity; as, 3 is a part of 12; -- the opposite of multiple. Also, a line or other element of a geometrical figure. \ (n.) That which belongs to one, or which is assumed by one, or which falls to one, in a division or apportionment; share; portion; lot; interest; concern; duty; office. \ (n.) One of the opposing parties or sides in a conflict or a controversy; a faction. \ (n.) A particular character in a drama or a play; an assumed personification; also, the language, actions, and influence of a character or an actor in a play; or, figuratively, in real life. See To act a part, under Act. \ (n.) One of the different melodies of a concerted composition, which heard in union compose its harmony, the music for each voice or instrument, the treble, tenor, or bass part; the violin part, etc. \ (n.) To divide; to separate into distinct parts; to break into two or more parts or pieces; to sever. \ (n.) To divide into shares; to divide and distribute; to allot; to apportion; to share. \ (n.) To separate or disunite; to cause to go apart; to remove from contact or contiguity; to sunder. \ (n.) Hence: To hold apart; to stand between; to intervene betwixt, as combatants. \ (n.) To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion, to part gold from silver. \ (n.) To leave; to quit. \ (v. i.) To be broken or divided into parts or pieces; to break; to become separated; to go asunder, rope parts; his hair parts in the middle. \ (v. i.) To go away; to depart; to take leave; to quit each other; hence, to die; -- often with from. \ (v. i.) To perform an act of parting; to relinquish a connection of any kind; -- followed by with or from. \ (v. i.) To have a part or share; to partake. \ (adv.) Partly; in a measure.
insert climate n. the normal weather conditions of a place \ (v. i.) One of thirty regions or zones, parallel to the equator, into which the surface of the earth from the equator to the pole was divided, according to the successive increase of the length of the midsummer day. \ (v. i.) The condition of a place in relation to various phenomena of the atmosphere, as temperature, moisture, etc., especially as they affect animal or vegetable life. \ (v. i.) To dwell.
insert directly (adv.) In a direct manner; in a straight line or course. \ (adv.) In a straightforward way; without anything intervening; not by secondary, but by direct, means. \ (adv.) Without circumlocution or ambiguity; absolutely; in express terms. \ (adv.) Exactly; just. \ (adv.) Straightforwardly; honestly. \ (adv.) Manifestly; openly. \ (adv.) Straightway; next in order; without delay; immediately. \ (adv.) Immediately after; as soon as.
insert slight (n.) Sleight. \ (v. t.) To overthrow; to demolish. \ (v. t.) To make even or level. \ (v. t.) To throw heedlessly. \ (superl.) Not decidedly marked; not forcible; inconsiderable; unimportant; insignificant; not severe; weak; gentle; -- applied in a great variety of circumstances; as, a slight (i. e., feeble) effort; a slight (i. e., perishable) structure; a slight (i. e., not deep) impression; a slight (i. e., not convincing) argument; a slight (i. e., not thorough) examination; slight (i. e., not severe) pain, and the like. \ (superl.) Not stout or heavy; slender. \ (superl.) Foolish; silly; weak in intellect. \ (v. t.) To disregard, as of little value and unworthy of notice; to make light of, to slight the divine commands. \ (n.) The act of slighting; the manifestation of a moderate degree of contempt, as by neglect or oversight; neglect; indignity. \ (adv.) Slightly.
insert baby n. a newly born creature \ (n.) An infant or young child of either sex; a babe. \ (n.) A small image of an infant; a doll. \ (a.) Pertaining to, or resembling, an infant; young or little; as, baby swans. \ (v. i.) To treat like a young child; to keep dependent; to humor; to fondle.
insert store v. to keep or put away for future use; n. a place where people buy things \ (v. t.) That which is accumulated, or massed together; a source from which supplies may be drawn; hence, an abundance; a great quantity, or a great number. \ (v. t.) A place of deposit for goods, esp. for large quantities; a storehouse; a warehouse; a magazine. \ (v. t.) Any place where goods are sold, whether by wholesale or retail; a shop. \ (v. t.) Articles, especially of food, accumulated for some specific object; supplies, as of provisions, arms, ammunition, and the like; as, the stores of an army, of a ship, of a family. \ (a.) Accumulated; hoarded. \ (v. t.) To collect as a reserved supply; to accumulate; to lay away. \ (v. t.) To furnish; to supply; to replenish; esp., to stock or furnish against a future time. \ (v. t.) To deposit in a store, warehouse, or other building, for preservation; to warehouse, to store goods.
insert bar v. to prevent or block \ (n.) A piece of wood, metal, or other material, long in proportion to its breadth or thickness, used as a lever and for various other purposes, but especially for a hindrance, obstruction, or fastening; as, the bars of a fence or gate; the bar of a door. \ (n.) An indefinite quantity of some substance, so shaped as to be long in proportion to its breadth and thickness, a bar of gold or of lead; a bar of soap. \ (n.) Anything which obstructs, hinders, or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier. \ (n.) A bank of sand, gravel, or other matter, esp. at the mouth of a river or harbor, obstructing navigation. \ (n.) Any railing that divides a room, or office, or hall of assembly, in order to reserve a space for those having special privileges, the bar of the House of Commons. \ (n.) The railing that incloses the place which counsel occupy in courts of justice. Hence, the phrase at the bar of the court signifies in open court. \ (n.) The place in court where prisoners are stationed for arraignment, trial, or sentence. \ (n.) The whole body of lawyers licensed in a court or district; the legal profession. \ (n.) A special plea constituting a sufficient answer to plaintiff's action. \ (n.) Any tribunal, the bar of public opinion; the bar of God. \ (n.) A barrier or counter, over which liquors and food are passed to customers; hence, the portion of the room behind the counter where liquors for sale are kept. \ (n.) An ordinary, like a fess but narrower, occupying only one fifth part of the field. \ (n.) A broad shaft, or band, or stripe, a bar of light; a bar of color. \ (n.) A vertical line across the staff. Bars divide the staff into spaces which represent measures, and are themselves called measures. \ (n.) The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse, in which the bit is placed. \ (n.) The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side, and extends into the center of the sole. \ (n.) A drilling or tamping rod. \ (n.) A vein or dike crossing a lode. \ (n.) A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town. \ (n.) A slender strip of wood which divides and supports the glass of a window; a sash bar. \ (n.) To fasten with a bar, to bar a door or gate. \ (n.) To restrict or confine, as if by a bar; to hinder; to obstruct; to prevent; to prohibit, to bar the entrance of evil; distance bars our intercourse; the statute bars my right; the right is barred by time; a release bars the plaintiff's recovery; -- sometimes with up. \ (n.) To except; to exclude by exception. \ (n.) To cross with one or more stripes or lines.
insert angle (n.) The inclosed space near the point where two lines meet; a corner; a nook. \ (n.) The figure made by. two lines which meet. \ (n.) The difference of direction of two lines. In the lines meet, the point of meeting is the vertex of the angle. \ (n.) A projecting or sharp corner; an angular fragment. \ (n.) A name given to four of the twelve astrological "houses." \ (n.) A fishhook; tackle for catching fish, consisting of a line, hook, and bait, with or without a rod. \ (v. i.) To fish with an angle (fishhook), or with hook and line. \ (v. i.) To use some bait or artifice; to intrigue; to scheme; as, to angle for praise. \ (v. t.) To try to gain by some insinuating artifice; to allure.
insert pork (n.) The flesh of swine, fresh or salted, used for food.
insert graduate (n.) To mark with degrees; to divide into regular steps, grades, or intervals, as the scale of a thermometer, a scheme of punishment or rewards, etc. \ (n.) To admit or elevate to a certain grade or degree; esp., in a college or university, to admit, at the close of the course, to an honorable standing defined by a diploma; as, he was graduated at Yale College. \ (n.) To prepare gradually; to arrange, temper, or modify by degrees or to a certain degree; to determine the degrees of, to graduate the heat of an oven. \ (n.) To bring to a certain degree of consistency, by evaporation, as a fluid. \ (v. i.) To pass by degrees; to change gradually; to shade off, sandstone which graduates into gneiss; carnelian sometimes graduates into quartz. \ (v. i.) To taper, as the tail of certain birds. \ (v. i.) To take a degree in a college or university; to become a graduate; to receive a diploma. \ (n.) One who has received an academical or professional degree; one who has completed the prescribed course of study in any school or institution of learning. \ (n.) A graduated cup, tube, or flask; a measuring glass used by apothecaries and chemists. See under Graduated. \ (n. & v.) Arranged by successive steps or degrees; graduated.
insert rely (v. i.) To rest with confidence, as when fully satisfied of the veracity, integrity, or ability of persons, or of the certainty of facts or of evidence; to have confidence; to trust; to depend; -- with on, formerly also with in.
insert boss (n.) Any protuberant part; a round, swelling part or body; a knoblike process; as, a boss of wood. \ (n.) A protuberant ornament on any work, either of different material from that of the work or of the same, as upon a buckler or bridle; a stud; a knob; the central projection of a shield. See Umbilicus. \ (n.) A projecting ornament placed at the intersection of the ribs of ceilings, whether vaulted or flat, and in other situations. \ (n.) A wooden vessel for the mortar used in tiling or masonry, hung by a hook from the laths, or from the rounds of a ladder. \ (n.) The enlarged part of a shaft, on which a wheel is keyed, or at the end, where it is coupled to another. \ (n.) A swage or die used for shaping metals. \ (n.) A head or reservoir of water. \ (v. t.) To ornament with bosses; to stud. \ (n.) A master workman or superintendent; a director or manager; a political dictator.
insert anywhere (adv.) In any place.
insert explore v. to travel in a place that is not well known to learn more about it; to make a careful search; to examine closely \ (v. t.) To seek for or after; to strive to attain by search; to look wisely and carefully for. \ (v. t.) To search through or into; to penetrate or range over for discovery; to examine thoroughly; as, to explore new countries or seas; to explore the depths of science.
insert pigeon (n.) Any bird of the order Columbae, of which numerous species occur in nearly all parts of the world. \ (n.) An unsuspected victim of sharpers; a gull. \ (v. t.) To pluck; to fleece; to swindle by tricks in gambling.
insert understanding (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Understand \ (a.) Knowing; intelligent; skillful; as, he is an understanding man. \ (n.) The act of one who understands a thing, in any sense of the verb; knowledge; discernment; comprehension; interpretation; explanation. \ (n.) An agreement of opinion or feeling; adjustment of differences; harmony; anything mutually understood or agreed upon, to come to an understanding with another. \ (n.) The power to understand; the intellectual faculty; the intelligence; the rational powers collectively conceived an designated; the higher capacities of the intellect; the power to distinguish truth from falsehood, and to adapt means to ends. \ (n.) Specifically, the discursive faculty; the faculty of knowing by the medium or use of general conceptions or relations. In this sense it is contrasted with, and distinguished from, the reason.
insert princess (n.) A female prince; a woman having sovereign power, or the rank of a prince. \ (n.) The daughter of a sovereign; a female member of a royal family. \ (n.) The consort of a prince; as, the princess of Wales.
insert ray (v. t.) To array. \ (v. t.) To mark, stain, or soil; to streak; to defile. \ (n.) Array; order; arrangement; dress. \ (n.) One of a number of lines or parts diverging from a common point or center, like the radii of a circle; as, a star of six rays. \ (n.) A radiating part of a flower or plant; the marginal florets of a compound flower, as an aster or a sunflower; one of the pedicels of an umbel or other circular flower cluster; radius. See Radius. \ (n.) One of the radiating spines, or cartilages, supporting the fins of fishes. \ (n.) One of the spheromeres of a radiate, especially one of the arms of a starfish or an ophiuran. \ (n.) A line of light or heat proceeding from a radiant or reflecting point; a single element of light or heat propagated continuously, a solar ray; a polarized ray. \ (n.) One of the component elements of the total radiation from a body; any definite or limited portion of the spectrum, the red ray; the violet ray. See Illust. under Light. \ (n.) Sight; perception; vision; -- from an old theory of vision, that sight was something which proceeded from the eye to the object seen. \ (n.) One of a system of diverging lines passing through a point, and regarded as extending indefinitely in both directions. See Half-ray. \ (n.) To mark with long lines; to streak. \ (n.) To send forth or shoot out; to cause to shine out, to ray smiles. \ (v. i.) To shine, as with rays. \ (n.) Any one of numerous elasmobranch fishes of the order Raiae, including the skates, torpedoes, sawfishes, etc. \ (n.) In a restricted sense, any of the broad, flat, narrow-tailed species, as the skates and sting rays. See Skate.
insert recover v. to get again something that was lost, stolen or taken away ("The police recovered the stolen money."); to return to normal health or normal conditions She is expected to recover from the operation.") \ (v. t.) To cover again. \ (v. t.) To get or obtain again; to get renewed possession of; to win back; to regain. \ (v. t.) To make good by reparation; to make up for; to retrieve; to repair the loss or injury of; as, to recover lost time. \ (v. t.) To restore from sickness, faintness, or the like; to bring back to life or health; to cure; to heal. \ (v. t.) To overcome; to get the better of, -- as a state of mind or body. \ (v. t.) To rescue; to deliver. \ (v. t.) To gain by motion or effort; to obtain; to reach; to come to. \ (v. t.) To gain as a compensation; to obtain in return for injury or debt, to recover damages in trespass; to recover debt and costs in a suit at law; to obtain title to by judgement in a court of law, to recover lands in ejectment or common recovery; to gain by legal process, to recover judgement against a defendant. \ (v. i.) To regain health after sickness; to grow well; to be restored or cured; hence, to regain a former state or condition after misfortune, alarm, etc.; -- often followed by of or from, to recover from a state of poverty; to recover from fright. \ (v. i.) To make one's way; to come; to arrive. \ (v. i.) To obtain a judgement; to succeed in a lawsuit, the plaintiff has recovered in his suit. \ (n.) Recovery.
insert navy n. the part of a country's military force trained to fight at sea \ (n.) A fleet of ships; an assemblage of merchantmen, or so many as sail in company. \ (n.) The whole of the war vessels belonging to a nation or ruler, considered collectively; as, the navy of Italy. \ (n.) The officers and men attached to the war vessels of a nation, he belongs to the navy.
insert dislike (v. t.) To regard with dislike or aversion; to disapprove; to disrelish. \ (v. t.) To awaken dislike in; to displease. \ (n.) A feeling of positive and usually permanent aversion to something unpleasant, uncongenial, or offensive; disapprobation; repugnance; displeasure; disfavor; -- the opposite of liking or fondness. \ (n.) Discord; dissension.
insert punishment (n.) The act of punishing. \ (n.) Any pain, suffering, or loss inflicted on a person because of a crime or offense. \ (n.) A penalty inflicted by a court of justice on a convicted offender as a just retribution, and incidentally for the purposes of reformation and prevention. \ (n.) Severe, rough, or disastrous treatment.
insert pianist (n.) A performer, esp. a skilled performer, on the piano.
insert supply v. to give; to provide; n. the amount of something that can be given or sold to others \ (v. t.) To fill up, or keep full; to furnish with what is wanted; to afford, or furnish with, a sufficiency; as, rivers are supplied by smaller streams; an aqueduct supplies an artificial lake; -- often followed by with before the thing furnished, to supply a furnace with fuel; to supply soldiers with ammunition. \ (v. t.) To serve instead of; to take the place of. \ (v. t.) To fill temporarily; to serve as substitute for another in, as a vacant place or office; to occupy; to have possession of, to supply a pulpit. \ (v. t.) To give; to bring or furnish, to supply money for the war. \ (n.) The act of supplying; supplial. \ (n.) That which supplies a want; sufficiency of things for use or want. \ (n.) Auxiliary troops or reenforcements. \ (n.) The food, and the like, which meets the daily necessities of an army or other large body of men; store; -- used chiefly in the plural, the army was discontented for lack of supplies. \ (n.) An amount of money provided, as by Parliament or Congress, to meet the annual national expenditures; generally in the plural, to vote supplies. \ (n.) A person who fills a place for a time; one who supplies the place of another; a substitute; esp., a clergyman who supplies a vacant pulpit. \ (a.) Serving to contain, deliver, or regulate a supply of anything, a supply tank or valve.
insert joke n. something done or said to cause others to laugh \ (n.) Something said for the sake of exciting a laugh; something witty or sportive (commonly indicating more of hilarity or humor than jest); a jest; a witticism; as, to crack good-natured jokes. \ (n.) Something not said seriously, or not actually meant; something done in sport. \ (v. t.) To make merry with; to make jokes upon; to rally; to banter, to joke a comrade. \ (v. i.) To do something for sport, or as a joke; to be merry in words or actions; to jest.
insert reserve (v. t.) To keep back; to retain; not to deliver, make over, or disclose. \ (v. t.) Hence, to keep in store for future or special use; to withhold from present use for another purpose or time; to keep; to retain. \ (v. t.) To make an exception of; to except. \ (n.) The act of reserving, or keeping back; reservation. \ (n.) That which is reserved, or kept back, as for future use. \ (n.) That which is excepted; exception. \ (n.) Restraint of freedom in words or actions; backwardness; caution in personal behavior. \ (n.) A tract of land reserved, or set apart, for a particular purpose; as, the Connecticut Reserve in Ohio, originally set apart for the school fund of Connecticut; the Clergy Reserves in Canada, for the support of the clergy. \ (n.) A body of troops in the rear of an army drawn up for battle, reserved to support the other lines as occasion may require; a force or body of troops kept for an exigency. \ (n.) Funds kept on hand to meet liabilities. \ (n.) That part of the assets of a bank or other financial institution specially kept in cash in a more or less liquid form as a reasonable provision for meeting all demands which may be made upon it; \ (n.) Usually, the uninvested cash kept on hand for this purpose, called the real reserve. In Great Britain the ultimate real reserve is the gold kept on hand in the Bank of England, largely represented by the notes in hand in its own banking department; and any balance which a bank has with the Bank of England is a part of its reserve. In the United States the reserve of a national bank consists of the amount of lawful money it holds on hand against deposits, which is required by law to be not less than 15 per cent (U. S. Rev. Stat. secs. 5191, 5192), three fifths of which the banks not in a reserve city (which see) may keep deposited as balances in national banks that are in reserve cities (U. S. Rev. Stat. sec. 5192). \ (n.) In exhibitions, a distinction which indicates that the recipient will get a prize if another should be disqualified. \ (n.) A resist. \ (n.) A preparation used on an object being electroplated to fix the limits of the deposit. \ (n.) See Army organization, above.
insert hand (n.) That part of the fore limb below the forearm or wrist in man and monkeys, and the corresponding part in many other animals; manus; paw. See Manus. \ (n.) That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a human hand \ (n.) A limb of certain animals, as the foot of a hawk, or any one of the four extremities of a monkey. \ (n.) An index or pointer on a dial; as, the hour or minute hand of a clock. \ (n.) A measure equal to a hand's breadth, -- four inches; a palm. Chiefly used in measuring the height of horses. \ (n.) Side; part; direction, either right or left. \ (n.) Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill; dexterity. \ (n.) Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner of performance. \ (n.) An agent; a servant, or laborer; a workman, trained or competent for special service or duty; a performer more or less skillful, a deck hand; a farm hand; an old hand at speaking. \ (n.) Handwriting; style of penmanship, a good, bad or running hand. Hence, a signature. \ (n.) Personal possession; ownership, control; management; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) Agency in transmission from one person to another, to buy at first hand, that is, from the producer, or when new; at second hand, when no longer in the producer's hand, or when not new. \ (n.) Rate; price. \ (n.) That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once \ (n.) The quota of cards received from the dealer. \ (n.) A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together. \ (n.) The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by the hand in taking aim. \ (v. t.) To give, pass, or transmit with the hand, he handed them the letter. \ (v. t.) To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct, to hand a lady into a carriage. \ (v. t.) To manage, I hand my oar. \ (v. t.) To seize; to lay hands on. \ (v. t.) To pledge by the hand; to handfast. \ (v. t.) To furl; -- said of a sail. \ (v. i.) To cooperate. \ (n.) A gambling game played by American Indians, consisting of guessing the whereabouts of bits of ivory or the like, which are passed rapidly from hand to hand.
insert arrange (v. t.) To put in proper order; to dispose (persons, or parts) in the manner intended, or best suited for the purpose; as, troops arranged for battle. \ (v. t.) To adjust or settle; to prepare; to determine, to arrange the preliminaries of an undertaking.
insert totally (adv.) In a total manner; wholly; entirely.
insert purse (n.) A small bag or pouch, the opening of which is made to draw together closely, used to carry money in; by extension, any receptacle for money carried on the person; a wallet; a pocketbook; a portemonnaie. \ (n.) Hence, a treasury; finances; as, the public purse. \ (n.) A sum of money offered as a prize, or collected as a present, to win the purse; to make up a purse. \ (n.) A specific sum of money \ (n.) In Turkey, the sum of 500 piasters. \ (n.) In Persia, the sum of 50 tomans. \ (v. t.) To put into a purse. \ (v. t.) To draw up or contract into folds or wrinkles, like the mouth of a purse; to pucker; to knit. \ (v. i.) To steal purses; to rob.
insert bitter (n.) AA turn of the cable which is round the bitts. \ (v. t.) Having a peculiar, acrid, biting taste, like that of wormwood or an infusion of hops; as, a bitter medicine; bitter as aloes. \ (v. t.) Causing pain or smart; piercing; painful; sharp; severe, a bitter cold day. \ (v. t.) Causing, or fitted to cause, pain or distress to the mind; calamitous; poignant. \ (v. t.) Characterized by sharpness, severity, or cruelty; harsh; stern; virulent, bitter reproach. \ (v. t.) Mournful; sad; distressing; pitiable. \ (n.) Any substance that is bitter. See Bitters. \ (v. t.) To make bitter.
insert radio n. the system of sending and receiving signals or sounds through the air without wires \ (a.) Of or pertaining to, or employing, or operated by, radiant energy, specifically that of electric waves; hence, pertaining to, or employed in, radiotelegraphy.
insert western (a.) Of or pertaining to the west; situated in the west, or in the region nearly in the direction of west; being in that quarter where the sun sets; as, the western shore of France; the western ocean. \ (a.) Moving toward the west, a ship makes a western course; coming from the west, a western breeze.
insert dog n. a small animal that often lives with humans \ (n.) A quadruped of the genus Canis, esp. the domestic dog (C. familiaris). \ (n.) A mean, worthless fellow; a wretch. \ (n.) A fellow; -- used humorously or contemptuously; as, a sly dog; a lazy dog. \ (n.) One of the two constellations, Canis Major and Canis Minor, or the Greater Dog and the Lesser Dog. Canis Major contains the Dog Star (Sirius). \ (n.) An iron for holding wood in a fireplace; a firedog; an andiron. \ (n.) A grappling iron, with a claw or claws, for fastening into wood or other heavy articles, for the purpose of raising or moving them. \ (n.) An iron with fangs fastening a log in a saw pit, or on the carriage of a sawmill. \ (n.) A piece in machinery acting as a catch or clutch; especially, the carrier of a lathe, also, an adjustable stop to change motion, as in a machine tool. \ (v. t.) To hunt or track like a hound; to follow insidiously or indefatigably; to chase with a dog or dogs; to worry, as if by dogs; to hound with importunity.
insert ghost (n.) The spirit; the soul of man. \ (n.) The disembodied soul; the soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death; an apparition; a specter. \ (n.) Any faint shadowy semblance; an unsubstantial image; a phantom; a glimmering; as, not a ghost of a chance; the ghost of an idea. \ (n.) A false image formed in a telescope by reflection from the surfaces of one or more lenses. \ (v. i.) To die; to expire. \ (v. t.) To appear to or haunt in the form of an apparition.
insert medicine n. a substance or drug used to treat disease or pain; the science or study of treating and curing disease or improving health \ (n.) The science which relates to the prevention, cure, or alleviation of disease. \ (n.) Any substance administered in the treatment of disease; a remedial agent; a remedy; physic. \ (n.) A philter or love potion. \ (n.) A physician. \ (v. t.) To give medicine to; to affect as a medicine does; to remedy; to cure. \ (n.) Among the North American Indians, any object supposed to give control over natural or magical forces, to act as a protective charm, or to cause healing; also, magical power itself; the potency which a charm, token, or rite is supposed to exert. \ (n.) Hence, a similar object or agency among other savages. \ (n.) Short for Medicine man. \ (n.) Intoxicating liquor; drink.
insert collection (n.) The act or process of collecting or of gathering; as, the collection of specimens. \ (n.) That which is collected \ (n.) A gathering or assemblage of objects or of persons. \ (n.) A gathering of money for charitable or other purposes, as by passing a contribution box for freewill offerings. \ (n.) That which is obtained in payment of demands. \ (n.) An accumulation of any substance. \ (n.) The act of inferring or concluding from premises or observed facts; also, that which is inferred. \ (n.) The jurisdiction of a collector of excise.
insert dawn (v. i.) To begin to grow light in the morning; to grow light; to break, or begin to appear; as, the day dawns; the morning dawns. \ (v. i.) To began to give promise; to begin to appear or to expand. \ (n.) The break of day; the first appearance of light in the morning; show of approaching sunrise. \ (n.) First opening or expansion; first appearance; beginning; rise.
insert succeed v. to reach a goal or thing desired; to produce a planned result \ (v. t.) To follow in order; to come next after; hence, to take the place of; as, the king's eldest son succeeds his father on the throne; autumn succeeds summer. \ (v. t.) To fall heir to; to inherit. \ (v. t.) To come after; to be subsequent or consequent to; to follow; to pursue. \ (v. t.) To support; to prosper; to promote. \ (v. i.) To come in the place of another person, thing, or event; to come next in the usual, natural, or prescribed course of things, to come next in the possession of anything; -- often with to. \ (v. i.) Specifically: To ascend the throne after the removal the death of the occupant. \ (v. i.) To descend, as an estate or an heirloom, in the same family; to devolve. \ (v. i.) To obtain the object desired; to accomplish what is attempted or intended; to have a prosperous issue or termination; to be successful, he succeeded in his plans; his plans succeeded. \ (v. i.) To go under cover.
insert round ad. having the shape of a ball or circle \ (v. i. & t.) To whisper. \ (a.) Having every portion of the surface or of the circumference equally distant from the center; spherical; circular; having a form approaching a spherical or a circular shape; orbicular; globular; as, a round ball. \ (a.) Having the form of a cylinder; cylindrical, the barrel of a musket is round. \ (a.) Having a curved outline or form; especially, one like the arc of a circle or an ellipse, or a portion of the surface of a sphere; rotund; bulging; protuberant; not angular or pointed, a round arch; round hills. \ (a.) Full; complete; not broken; not fractional; approximately in even units, tens, hundreds, thousands, etc.; -- said of numbers. \ (a.) Not inconsiderable; large; hence, generous; free, a round price. \ (a.) Uttered or emitted with a full tone, a round voice; a round note. \ (a.) Modified, as a vowel, by contraction of the lip opening, making the opening more or less round in shape; rounded; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation, \ (a.) Outspoken; plain and direct; unreserved; unqualified; not mincing, a round answer; a round oath. \ (a.) Full and smoothly expanded; not defective or abrupt; finished; polished; -- said of style, or of authors with reference to their style. \ (a.) Complete and consistent; fair; just; -- applied to conduct. \ (n.) Anything round, as a circle, a globe, a ring. "The golden round" [the crown]. \ (n.) A series of changes or events ending where it began; a series of like events recurring in continuance; a cycle; a periodical revolution, the round of the seasons; a round of pleasures. \ (n.) A course of action or conduct performed by a number of persons in turn, or one after another, as if seated in a circle. \ (n.) A series of duties or tasks which must be performed in turn, and then repeated. \ (n.) A circular dance. \ (n.) That which goes round a whole circle or company, a round of applause. \ (n.) Rotation, as in office; succession. \ (n.) The step of a ladder; a rundle or rung; also, a crosspiece which joins and braces the legs of a chair. \ (n.) A course ending where it began; a circuit; a beat, one freguently or regulary traversed, the act of traversing a circuit, a watchman's round; the rounds of the postman. \ (n.) A walk performed by a guard or an officer round the rampart of a garrison, or among sentinels, to see that the sentinels are faithful and all things safe, the guard or officer, with his attendants, who performs this duty; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) A general discharge of firearms by a body of troops in which each soldier fires once. \ (n.) Ammunition for discharging a piece or pieces once, twenty rounds of ammunition were given out. \ (n.) A short vocal piece, resembling a catch in which three or four voices follow each other round in a species of canon in the unison. \ (n.) The time during which prize fighters or boxers are in actual contest without an intermission, as prescribed by their rules; a bout. / 11.
insert sound n. fast-moving waves of energy that affect the ear and result in hearing; that which is heard
insert ask v. to question; to say something is wanted ("We ask the teacher questions every day.") \ (v. t.) To request; to seek to obtain by words; to petition; to solicit; -- often with of, in the sense of from, before the person addressed. \ (v. t.) To require, demand, claim, or expect, whether by way of remuneration or return, or as a matter of necessity; as, what price do you ask? \ (v. t.) To interrogate or inquire of or concerning; to put a question to or about; to question. \ (v. t.) To invite, to ask one to an entertainment. \ (v. t.) To publish in church for marriage; -- said of both the banns and the persons. \ (v. i.) To request or petition; -- usually followed by for, to ask for bread. \ (v. i.) To make inquiry, or seek by request; -- sometimes followed by after. \ (n.) A water newt.
insert twin (a.) Being one of two born at a birth; as, a twin brother or sister. \ (a.) Being one of a pair much resembling one another; standing the relation of a twin to something else; -- often followed by to or with. \ (a.) Double; consisting of two similar and corresponding parts. \ (a.) Composed of parts united according to some definite law of twinning. See Twin, n., 4. \ (n.) One of two produced at a birth, especially by an animal that ordinarily brings forth but one at a birth; -- used chiefly in the plural, and applied to the young of beasts as well as to human young. \ (n.) A sign and constellation of the zodiac; Gemini. See Gemini. \ (n.) A person or thing that closely resembles another. \ (n.) A compound crystal composed of two or more crystals, or parts of crystals, in reversed position with reference to each other. \ (v. i.) To bring forth twins. \ (v. i.) To be born at the same birth. \ (v. t.) To cause to be twins, or like twins in any way. \ (v. t.) To separate into two parts; to part; to divide; hence, to remove; also, to strip; to rob. \ (v. i.) To depart from a place or thing.
insert ninth (a.) Following the eight and preceding the tenth; coming after eight others. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of nine equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of one divided by nine; one of nine equal parts of a thing; the next after the eighth. \ (n.) An interval containing an octave and a second. \ (n.) A chord of the dominant seventh with the ninth added.
insert sink v. to go down into water or other liquid \ (v. i.) To fall by, or as by, the force of gravity; to descend lower and lower; to decline gradually; to subside; as, a stone sinks in water; waves rise and sink; the sun sinks in the west. \ (v. i.) To enter deeply; to fall or retire beneath or below the surface; to penetrate. \ (v. i.) Hence, to enter so as to make an abiding impression; to enter completely. \ (v. i.) To be overwhelmed or depressed; to fall slowly, as so the ground, from weakness or from an overburden; to fail in strength; to decline; to decay; to decrease. \ (v. i.) To decrease in volume, as a river; to become diminished in volume or in apparent height. \ (v. t.) To cause to sink; to put under water; to immerse or submerge in a fluid, to sink a ship. \ (v. t.) Figuratively: To cause to decline; to depress; to degrade; hence, to ruin irretrievably; to destroy, as by drowping, to sink one's reputation. \ (v. t.) To make (a depression) by digging, delving, or cutting, etc., to sink a pit or a well; to sink a die. \ (v. t.) To bring low; to reduce in quantity; to waste. \ (v. t.) To conseal and appropriate. \ (v. t.) To keep out of sight; to suppress; to ignore. \ (v. t.) To reduce or extinguish by payment, to sink the national debt. \ (n.) A drain to carry off filthy water; a jakes. \ (n.) A shallow box or vessel of wood, stone, iron, or other material, connected with a drain, and used for receiving filthy water, as in a kitchen. \ (n.) A hole or low place in land or rock, where waters sink and are lost; -- called also sink hole. \ (n.) The lowest part of a natural hollow or closed basin whence the water of one or more streams escapes by evaporation, the sink of the Humboldt River.
insert impact (v. t.) To drive close; to press firmly together: to wedge into a place. \ (n.) Contact or impression by touch; collision; forcible contact; force communicated. \ (n.) The single instantaneous stroke of a body in motion against another either in motion or at rest.
insert thirsty (n.) Feeling thirst; having a painful or distressing sensation from want of drink; hence, having an eager desire. \ (n.) Deficient in moisture; dry; parched.
insert bow (v. t.) To cause to deviate from straightness; to bend; to inflect; to make crooked or curved. \ (v. t.) To exercise powerful or controlling influence over, figuratively; to turn; to incline. \ (v. t.) To bend or incline, as the head or body, in token of respect, gratitude, assent, homage, or condescension. \ (v. t.) To cause to bend down; to prostrate; to depress;/ to crush; to subdue. \ (v. t.) To express by bowing; as, to bow one's thanks. \ (v. i.) To bend; to curve. \ (v. i.) To stop. \ (v. i.) To bend the head, knee, or body, in token of reverence or submission; -- often with down. \ (v. i.) To incline the head in token of salutation, civility, or assent; to make bow. \ (n.) An inclination of the head, or a bending of the body, in token of reverence, respect, or submission; an obeisance, a bow of deep humility. \ (v. t.) Anything bent, or in the form of a curve, as the rainbow. \ (v. t.) A weapon made of a strip of wood, or other elastic material, with a cord connecting the two ends, by means of which an arrow is propelled. \ (v. t.) An ornamental knot, with projecting loops, formed by doubling a ribbon or string. \ (v. t.) The U-shaped piece which embraces the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke. \ (v. t.) An appliance consisting of an elastic rod, with a number of horse hairs stretched from end to end of it, used in playing on a stringed instrument. \ (v. t.) An arcograph. \ (v. t.) Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod, with ends connected by a string, employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill, or for preparing and arranging the hair, fur, etc., used by hatters. \ (v. t.) A rude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea. \ (sing. or pl.) Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddletree. \ (v. i.) To play (music) with a bow. \ (v. i. ) To manage the bow. \ (n.) The bending or rounded part of a ship forward; the stream or prow. \ (n.) One who rows in the forward part of a boat; the bow oar.
insert diary (n.) A register of daily events or transactions; a daily record; a journal; a blank book dated for the record of daily memoranda; as, a diary of the weather; a physician's diary. \ (a.) lasting for one day, a diary fever.
insert pea (n.) The sliding weight on a steelyard. \ (n.) See Peak, n., 3. \ (n.) A plant, and its fruit, of the genus Pisum, of many varieties, much cultivated for food. It has a papilionaceous flower, and the pericarp is a legume, popularly called a pod. \ (n.) A name given, especially in the Southern States, to the seed of several leguminous plants (species of Dolichos, Cicer, Abrus, etc.) esp. those having a scar (hilum) of a different color from the rest of the seed.
insert ending (p. pr. & vb. n.) of End \ (n.) Termination; concluding part; result; conclusion; destruction; death. \ (n.) The final syllable or letter of a word; the part joined to the stem. See 3d Case, 5.
insert worried (imp. & p. p.) of Worry
insert daily (a.) Happening, or belonging to, each successive day; diurnal; as, daily labor; a daily bulletin. \ (n.) A publication which appears regularly every day, the morning dailies. \ (adv.) Every day; day by day, a thing happens daily.
insert well ad. in a way that is good or pleasing; in good health; n. a hole in the ground where water, gas or oil can be found \ (v. i.) An issue of water from the earth; a spring; a fountain. \ (v. i.) A pit or hole sunk into the earth to such a depth as to reach a supply of water, generally of a cylindrical form, and often walled with stone or bricks to prevent the earth from caving in. \ (v. i.) A shaft made in the earth to obtain oil or brine. \ (v. i.) Fig.: A source of supply; fountain; wellspring. \ (v. i.) An inclosure in the middle of a vessel's hold, around the pumps, from the bottom to the lower deck, to preserve the pumps from damage and facilitate their inspection. \ (v. i.) A compartment in the middle of the hold of a fishing vessel, made tight at the sides, but having holes perforated in the bottom to let in water for the preservation of fish alive while they are transported to market. \ (v. i.) A vertical passage in the stern into which an auxiliary screw propeller may be drawn up out of water. \ (v. i.) A depressed space in the after part of the deck; -- often called the cockpit. \ (v. i.) A hole or excavation in the earth, in mining, from which run branches or galleries. \ (v. i.) An opening through the floors of a building, as for a staircase or an elevator; a wellhole. \ (v. i.) The lower part of a furnace, into which the metal falls. \ (v. i.) To issue forth, as water from the earth; to flow; to spring. \ (v. t.) To pour forth, as from a well. \ (v. t.) In a good or proper manner; justly; rightly; not ill or wickedly. \ (v. t.) Suitably to one's condition, to the occasion, or to a proposed end or use; suitably; abundantly; fully; adequately; thoroughly. \ (v. t.) Fully or about; -- used with numbers. \ (v. t.) In such manner as is desirable; so as one could wish; satisfactorily; favorably; advantageously; conveniently. \ (v. t.) Considerably; not a little; far. \ (a.) Good in condition or circumstances; desirable, either in a natural or moral sense; fortunate; convenient; advantageous; happy; as, it is well for the country that the crops did not fail; it is well that the mistake was discovered. \ (a.) Being in health; sound in body; not ailing, diseased, or sick; healthy, a well man; the patient is perfectly well. \ (a.) Being in favor; favored; fortunate. \ (a.) Safe, a chip warranted well at a certain day and place.
insert school n. a place for education; a place where people go to learn \ (n.) A shoal; a multitude; as, a school of fish. \ (n.) A place for learned intercourse and instruction; an institution for learning; an educational establishment; a place for acquiring knowledge and mental training, the school of the prophets. \ (n.) A place of primary instruction; an establishment for the instruction of children, a primary school; a common school; a grammar school. \ (n.) A session of an institution of instruction. \ (n.) One of the seminaries for teaching logic, metaphysics, and theology, which were formed in the Middle Ages, and which were characterized by academical disputations and subtilties of reasoning. \ (n.) The room or hall in English universities where the examinations for degrees and honors are held. \ (n.) An assemblage of scholars; those who attend upon instruction in a school of any kind; a body of pupils. \ (n.) The disciples or followers of a teacher; those who hold a common doctrine, or accept the same teachings; a sect or denomination in philosophy, theology, science, medicine, politics, etc. \ (n.) The canons, precepts, or body of opinion or practice, sanctioned by the authority of a particular class or age, he was a gentleman of the old school. \ (n.) Figuratively, any means of knowledge or discipline, the school of experience. \ (v. t.) To train in an institution of learning; to educate at a school; to teach. \ (v. t.) To tutor; to chide and admonish; to reprove; to subject to systematic discipline; to train. \ A French school of the middle of the 19th century centering in the village of Barbizon near the forest of Fontainebleau. Its members went straight to nature in disregard of academic tradition, treating their subjects faithfully and with poetic feeling for color, light, and atmosphere. It is exemplified, esp. in landscapes, by Corot, Rousseau, Daubigny, Jules Dupre, and Diaz. Associated with them are certain painters of animals, as Troyon and Jaque, and of peasant life, as Millet and Jules Breton.
insert waiter (n.) One who, or that which, waits; an attendant; a servant in attendance, esp. at table. \ (n.) A vessel or tray on which something is carried, as dishes, etc.; a salver.
insert steel n. iron made harder and stronger by mixing it with other substances \ (n.) A variety of iron intermediate in composition and properties between wrought iron and cast iron (containing between one half of one per cent and one and a half per cent of carbon), and consisting of an alloy of iron with an iron carbide. Steel, unlike wrought iron, can be tempered, and retains magnetism. Its malleability decreases, and fusibility increases, with an increase in carbon. \ (n.) An instrument or implement made of steel \ (n.) A weapon, as a sword, dagger, etc. \ (n.) An instrument of steel (usually a round rod) for sharpening knives. \ (n.) A piece of steel for striking sparks from flint. \ (n.) Fig.: Anything of extreme hardness; that which is characterized by sternness or rigor. \ (n.) A chalybeate medicine. \ (n.) To overlay, point, or edge with steel; as, to steel a razor; to steel an ax. \ (n.) To make hard or strong; hence, to make insensible or obdurate. \ (n.) Fig.: To cause to resemble steel, as in smoothness, polish, or other qualities. \ (n.) To cover, as an electrotype plate, with a thin layer of iron by electrolysis. The iron thus deposited is very hard, like steel.
insert wrong ad. not correct; bad; not legal; opposite right \ imp. of Wring. Wrung. \ (a.) Twisted; wry; as, a wrong nose. \ (a.) Not according to the laws of good morals, whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true, a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires. \ (a.) Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect, to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way. \ (a.) Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous, a wrong statement. \ (a.) Designed to be worn or placed inward, the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth. \ (adv.) In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly. \ (a.) That which is not right. \ (a.) Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority, divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right. \ (a.) Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error, to be in the wrong. \ (a.) Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually, an act that involves evil consequences, as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to, or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right. \ (v. t.) To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right, or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure. \ (v. t.) To impute evil to unjustly, if you suppose me capable of a base act, you wrong me.
insert theory n. a possible explanation of why something exists or how something happens using experiments or ideas, but which is not yet proven ("Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.") \ (n.) A doctrine, or scheme of things, which terminates in speculation or contemplation, without a view to practice; hypothesis; speculation. \ (n.) An exposition of the general or abstract principles of any science; as, the theory of music. \ (n.) The science, as distinguished from the art, the theory and practice of medicine. \ (n.) The philosophical explanation of phenomena, either physical or moral, Lavoisier's theory of combustion; Adam Smith's theory of moral sentiments.
insert cloth n. a material made from plants, chemicals, animal hair and other substances \ (n.) A fabric made of fibrous material (or sometimes of wire, as in wire cloth); commonly, a woven fabric of cotton, woolen, or linen, adapted to be made into garments; specifically, woolen fabrics, as distinguished from all others. \ (n.) The dress; raiment. [Obs.] See Clothes. \ (n.) The distinctive dress of any profession, especially of the clergy; hence, the clerical profession.
insert deserve (v. t.) To earn by service; to be worthy of (something due, either good or evil); to merit; to be entitled to; as, the laborer deserves his wages; a work of value deserves praise. \ (v. t.) To serve; to treat; to benefit. \ (v. i.) To be worthy of recompense; -- usually with ill or with well.
insert cause v. to make happen; n. the thing or person that produces a result \ (v.) That which produces or effects a result; that from which anything proceeds, and without which it would not exist. \ (v.) That which is the occasion of an action or state; ground; reason; motive; as, cause for rejoicing. \ (v.) Sake; interest; advantage. \ (v.) A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim, or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action. \ (v.) Any subject of discussion or debate; matter; question; affair in general. \ (v.) The side of a question, which is espoused, advocated, and upheld by a person or party; a principle which is advocated; that which a person or party seeks to attain. \ (n.) To effect as an agent; to produce; to be the occasion of; to bring about; to bring into existence; to make; -- usually followed by an infinitive, sometimes by that with a finite verb. \ (v. i.) To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse. \ (conj.) Abbreviation of Because.
insert early ad. at or near the beginning, especially the beginning of the day; opposite late \ (adv.) Soon; in good season; seasonably; betimes; as, come early. \ (adv.) In advance of the usual or appointed time; prior in time; among or near the first; -- opposed to late, the early bird; an early spring; early fruit. \ (adv.) Coming in the first part of a period of time, or among the first of successive acts, events, etc.
insert instant (a.) Pressing; urgent; importunate; earnest. \ (a.) Closely pressing or impending in respect to time; not deferred; immediate; without delay. \ (a.) Present; current. \ (adv.) Instantly. \ (a.) A point in duration; a moment; a portion of time too short to be estimated; also, any particular moment. \ (a.) A day of the present or current month; as, the sixth instant; -- an elliptical expression equivalent to the sixth of the month instant, i. e., the current month. See Instant, a., 3.
insert elevator (n.) One who, or that which, raises or lifts up anything \ (n.) A mechanical contrivance, usually an endless belt or chain with a series of scoops or buckets, for transferring grain to an upper loft for storage. \ (n.) A cage or platform and the hoisting machinery in a hotel, warehouse, mine, etc., for conveying persons, goods, to or from different floors or levels; -- called in England a lift; the cage or platform itself. \ (n.) A building for elevating, storing, and discharging, grain. \ (n.) A muscle which serves to raise a part of the body, as the leg or the eye. \ (n.) An instrument for raising a depressed portion of a bone. \ (n.) A movable plane or group of planes used to control the altitude or fore-and-aft poise or inclination of an airship or flying machine.
insert roof (n.) The cover of any building, including the roofing (see Roofing) and all the materials and construction necessary to carry and maintain the same upon the walls or other uprights. In the case of a building with vaulted ceilings protected by an outer roof, some writers call the vault the roof, and the outer protection the roof mask. It is better, however, to consider the vault as the ceiling only, in cases where it has farther covering. \ (n.) That which resembles, or corresponds to, the covering or the ceiling of a house; as, the roof of a cavern; the roof of the mouth. \ (n.) The surface or bed of rock immediately overlying a bed of coal or a flat vein. \ (v. t.) To cover with a roof. \ (v. t.) To inclose in a house; figuratively, to shelter.
insert intention (n.) A stretching or bending of the mind toward of the mind toward an object; closeness of application; fixedness of attention; earnestness. \ (n.) A determination to act in a certain way or to do a certain thing; purpose; design; as, an intention to go to New York. \ (n.) The object toward which the thoughts are directed; end; aim. \ (n.) The state of being strained. See Intension. \ (n.) Any mental apprehension of an object.
insert fish n. a creature that lives and can breathe in water \ (n.) A counter, used in various games. \ (pl. ) of Fish \ (n.) A name loosely applied in popular usage to many animals of diverse characteristics, living in the water. \ (n.) An oviparous, vertebrate animal usually having fins and a covering scales or plates. It breathes by means of gills, and lives almost entirely in the water. See Pisces. \ (n.) The twelfth sign of the zodiac; Pisces. \ (n.) The flesh of fish, used as food. \ (n.) A purchase used to fish the anchor. \ (n.) A piece of timber, somewhat in the form of a fish, used to strengthen a mast or yard. \ (v. i.) To attempt to catch fish; to be employed in taking fish, by any means, as by angling or drawing a net. \ (v. i.) To seek to obtain by artifice, or indirectly to seek to draw forth; as, to fish for compliments. \ (v. t.) To catch; to draw out or up, to fish up an anchor. \ (v. t.) To search by raking or sweeping. \ (v. t.) To try with a fishing rod; to catch fish in, to fish a stream. \ (v. t.) To strengthen (a beam, mast, etc.), or unite end to end (two timbers, railroad rails, etc.) by bolting a plank, timber, or plate to the beam, mast, or timbers, lengthwise on one or both sides. See Fish joint, under Fish, n.
insert committee n. a group of people given special work \ (n.) One or more persons elected or appointed, to whom any matter or business is referred, either by a legislative body, or by a court, or by any collective body of men acting together. \ (v. t.) One to whom the charge of the person or estate of another, as of a lunatic, is committed by suitable authority; a guardian.
insert motor (n.) One who, or that which, imparts motion; a source of mechanical power. \ (n.) A prime mover; a machine by means of which a source of power, as steam, moving water, electricity, etc., is made available for doing mechanical work. \ (n.) Alt. of Motorial \ (n.) A motor car; an automobile. \ A type of internal-combustion engine in which the air drawn in by the suction stroke is so highly compressed that the heat generated ignites the fuel (usually crude oil), the fuel being automatically sprayed into the cylinder under pressure. The Diesel engine has a very high thermal efficiency.
insert role (n.) A part, or character, performed by an actor in a drama; hence, a part of function taken or assumed by any one; as, he has now taken the role of philanthropist.
insert nail (n.) the horny scale of plate of epidermis at the end of the fingers and toes of man and many apes. \ (n.) The basal thickened portion of the anterior wings of certain hemiptera. \ (n.) The terminal horny plate on the beak of ducks, and other allied birds. \ (n.) A slender, pointed piece of metal, usually with a head, used for fastening pieces of wood or other material together, by being driven into or through them. \ (a.) A measure of length, being two inches and a quarter, or the sixteenth of a yard. \ (n.) To fasten with a nail or nails; to close up or secure by means of nails; as, to nail boards to the beams. \ (n.) To stud or boss with nails, or as with nails. \ (n.) To fasten, as with a nail; to bind or hold, as to a bargain or to acquiescence in an argument or assertion; hence, to catch; to trap. \ (n.) To spike, as a cannon.
insert judge v. to form an opinion about; to decide a question, especially a legal one; n. a public official who decides problems of law in a court \ (v. i.) A public officer who is invested with authority to hear and determine litigated causes, and to administer justice between parties in courts held for that purpose. \ (v. i.) One who has skill, knowledge, or experience, sufficient to decide on the merits of a question, or on the quality or value of anything; one who discerns properties or relations with skill and readiness; a connoisseur; an expert; a critic. \ (v. i.) A person appointed to decide in a/trial of skill, speed, etc., between two or more parties; an umpire; as, a judge in a horse race. \ (v. i.) One of supreme magistrates, with both civil and military powers, who governed Israel for more than four hundred years. \ (v. i.) The title of the seventh book of the Old Testament; the Book of Judges. \ (a.) To hear and determine, as in causes on trial; to decide as a judge; to give judgment; to pass sentence. \ (a.) To assume the right to pass judgment on another; to sit in judgment or commendation; to criticise or pass adverse judgment upon others. See Judge, v. t., 3. \ (v. t.) To compare facts or ideas, and perceive their relations and attributes, and thus distinguish truth from falsehood; to determine; to discern; to distinguish; to form an opinion about. \ (v. t.) To hear and determine by authority, as a case before a court, or a controversy between two parties. \ (v. t.) To examine and pass sentence on; to try; to doom. \ (v. t.) To arrogate judicial authority over; to sit in judgment upon; to be censorious toward. \ (v. t.) To determine upon or deliberation; to esteem; to think; to reckon. \ (v. t.) To exercise the functions of a magistrate over; to govern.
insert covering (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Cover \ (n.) Anything which covers or conceals, as a roof, a screen, a wrapper, clothing, etc.
insert signal v. to send a message by signs; n. an action or movement that sends a message \ (n.) A sign made for the purpose of giving notice to a person of some occurence, command, or danger; also, a sign, event, or watchword, which has been agreed upon as the occasion of concerted action. \ (n.) A token; an indication; a foreshadowing; a sign. \ (a.) Noticeable; distinguished from what is ordinary; eminent; remarkable; memorable; as, a signal exploit; a signal service; a signal act of benevolence. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to signals, or the use of signals in conveying information, a signal flag or officer. \ (v. t.) To communicate by signals, to signal orders. \ (v. t.) To notify by a signals; to make a signal or signals to, to signal a fleet to anchor.
insert rice n. a food grain \ (n.) A well-known cereal grass (Oryza sativa) and its seed. This plant is extensively cultivated in warm climates, and the grain forms a large portion of the food of the inhabitants. In America it grows chiefly on low, moist land, which can be overflowed.
insert successful (a.) Resulting in success; assuring, or promotive of, success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence, prosperous; fortunate; happy; as, a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
insert percentage (n.) A certain rate per cent; the allowance, duty, rate of interest, discount, or commission, on a hundred.
insert again ad. another time; as before \ (adv.) In return, back; as, bring us word again. \ (adv.) Another time; once more; anew. \ (adv.) Once repeated; -- of quantity, as large again, half as much again. \ (adv.) In any other place. \ (adv.) On the other hand. \ (adv.) Moreover; besides; further. \ (prep.) Alt. of Agains
insert prepare (v. t.) To fit, adapt, or qualify for a particular purpose or condition; to make ready; to put into a state for use or application; as, to prepare ground for seed; to prepare a lesson. \ (v. t.) To procure as suitable or necessary; to get ready; to provide, to prepare ammunition and provisions for troops; to prepare ships for defence; to prepare an entertainment. \ (v. i.) To make all things ready; to put things in order, to prepare for a hostile invasion. \ (v. i.) To make one's self ready; to take the necessary previous measures, to prepare for death. \ (n.) Preparation.
insert grape (n.) A well-known edible berry growing in pendent clusters or bunches on the grapevine. The berries are smooth-skinned, have a juicy pulp, and are cultivated in great quantities for table use and for making wine and raisins. \ (n.) The plant which bears this fruit; the grapevine. \ (n.) A mangy tumor on the leg of a horse. \ (n.) Grapeshot.
insert honest ad. truthful; able to be trusted \ (a.) Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming. \ (a.) Characterized by integrity or fairness and straight/forwardness in conduct, thought, speech, etc.; upright; just; equitable; trustworthy; truthful; sincere; free from fraud, guile, or duplicity; not false; -- said of persons and acts, and of things to which a moral quality is imputed; as, an honest judge or merchant; an honest statement; an honest bargain; an honest business; an honest book; an honest confession. \ (a.) Open; frank, an honest countenance. \ (a.) Chaste; faithful; virtuous. \ (a.) To adorn; to grace; to honor; to make becoming, appropriate, or honorable.
insert shadow (n.) Shade within defined limits; obscurity or deprivation of light, apparent on a surface, and representing the form of the body which intercepts the rays of light; as, the shadow of a man, of a tree, or of a tower. See the Note under Shade, n., 1. \ (n.) Darkness; shade; obscurity. \ (n.) A shaded place; shelter; protection; security. \ (n.) A reflected image, as in a mirror or in water. \ (n.) That which follows or attends a person or thing like a shadow; an inseparable companion; hence, an obsequious follower. \ (n.) A spirit; a ghost; a shade; a phantom. \ (n.) An imperfect and faint representation; adumbration; indistinct image; dim bodying forth, mystical representation; type. \ (n.) A small degree; a shade. \ (n.) An uninvited guest coming with one who is invited. \ (n.) To cut off light from; to put in shade; to shade; to throw a shadow upon; to overspead with obscurity. \ (n.) To conceal; to hide; to screen. \ (n.) To protect; to shelter from danger; to shroud. \ (n.) To mark with gradations of light or color; to shade. \ (n.) To represent faintly or imperfectly; to adumbrate, to represent typically. \ (n.) To cloud; to darken; to cast a gloom over. \ (n.) To attend as closely as a shadow; to follow and watch closely, especially in a secret or unobserved manner, a detective shadows a criminal.
insert worth n. value measured in money \ (v. i.) To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases, woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in the imperative, and the nouns day, man, are in the dative. Woe be to the day, woe be to the man, are equivalent phrases. \ (a.) Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while. \ (a.) Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be exchanged for. \ (a.) Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good sense. \ (a.) Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value of. \ (a.) That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value; hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent in exchange; price. \ (a.) Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence; virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate of great worth. \ The principal which, drawing interest at a given rate, will amount to the given sum at the date on which this is to be paid; thus, interest being at 6%, the present value of $106 due one year hence is $100.
insert museum (n.) A repository or a collection of natural, scientific, or literary curiosities, or of works of art.
insert juice (n.) The characteristic fluid of any vegetable or animal substance; the sap or part which can be expressed from fruit, etc.; the fluid part which separates from meat in cooking. \ (v. t.) To moisten; to wet.
insert oil n. a thick liquid that does not mix with water and that burns easily; a black liquid taken from the ground and used as fuel \ (n.) Any one of a great variety of unctuous combustible substances, not miscible with water; as, olive oil, whale oil, rock oil, etc. They are of animal, vegetable, or mineral origin and of varied composition, and they are variously used for food, for solvents, for anointing, lubrication, illumination, etc. By extension, any substance of an oily consistency, oil of vitriol. \ (v. t.) To smear or rub over with oil; to lubricate with oil; to anoint with oil.
insert summer n. the warmest time of the year, between spring and autumn \ (v.) One who sums; one who casts up an account. \ (n.) A large stone or beam placed horizontally on columns, piers, posts, or the like, serving for various uses. Specifically: (a) The lintel of a door or window. (b) The commencement of a cross vault. (c) A central floor timber, as a girder, or a piece reaching from a wall to a girder. Called also summertree. \ (n.) The season of the year in which the sun shines most directly upon any region; the warmest period of the year. \ (v. i.) To pass the summer; to spend the warm season; as, to summer in Switzerland. \ (v. t.) To keep or carry through the summer; to feed during the summer, to summer stock.
insert zoo n. a place where animals are kept for the public to look at and study
insert sunlight (n.) The light of the sun.
insert rude (superl.) Characterized by roughness; umpolished; raw; lacking delicacy or refinement; coarse. \ (superl.) Unformed by taste or skill; not nicely finished; not smoothed or polished; -- said especially of material things; as, rude workmanship. \ (superl.) Of untaught manners; unpolished; of low rank; uncivil; clownish; ignorant; unskillful; -- said of persons, or of conduct, skill, and the like. \ (superl.) Violent; tumultuous; boisterous; inclement; harsh; severe; -- said of the weather, of storms, and the like, the rude winter. \ (superl.) Barbarous; fierce; bloody; impetuous; -- said of war, conflict, the rude shock of armies. \ (superl.) Not finished or complete; inelegant; lacking chasteness or elegance; not in good taste; unsatisfactory in mode of treatment; -- said of literature, language, style, and the like.
insert racket (n.) A thin strip of wood, having the ends brought together, forming a somewhat elliptical hoop, across which a network of catgut or cord is stretched. It is furnished with a handle, and is used for catching or striking a ball in tennis and similar games. \ (n.) A variety of the game of tennis played with peculiar long-handled rackets; -- chiefly in the plural. \ (n.) A snowshoe formed of cords stretched across a long and narrow frame of light wood. \ (n.) A broad wooden shoe or patten for a man or horse, to enable him to step on marshy or soft ground. \ (v. t.) To strike with, or as with, a racket. \ (n.) Confused, clattering noise; din; noisy talk or sport. \ (n.) A carouse; any reckless dissipation. \ (v. i.) To make a confused noise or racket. \ (v. i.) To engage in noisy sport; to frolic. \ (v. i.) To carouse or engage in dissipation. \ (n.) A scheme, dodge, trick, or the like; something taking place considered as exciting, trying, unusual; also, such occurrence considered as an ordeal; as, to work a racket; to stand upon the racket.
insert patch (n.) A piece of cloth, or other suitable material, sewed or otherwise fixed upon a garment to repair or strengthen it, esp. upon an old garment to cover a hole. \ (n.) A small piece of anything used to repair a breach; as, a patch on a kettle, a roof, etc. \ (n.) A small piece of black silk stuck on the face, or neck, to hide a defect, or to heighten beauty. \ (n.) A piece of greased cloth or leather used as wrapping for a rifle ball, to make it fit the bore. \ (n.) Fig.: Anything regarded as a patch; a small piece of ground; a tract; a plot, scattered patches of trees or growing corn. \ (n.) A block on the muzzle of a gun, to do away with the effect of dispart, in sighting. \ (n.) A paltry fellow; a rogue; a ninny; a fool. \ (v. t.) To mend by sewing on a piece or pieces of cloth, leather, or the like, to patch a coat. \ (v. t.) To mend with pieces; to repair with pieces festened on; to repair clumsily, to patch the roof of a house. \ (v. t.) To adorn, as the face, with a patch or patches. \ (v. t.) To make of pieces or patches; to repair as with patches; to arrange in a hasty or clumsy manner; -- generally with up, to patch up a truce.
insert advise v. to help with information, knowledge or ideas in making a decision \ (v. t.) To give advice to; to offer an opinion, as worthy or expedient to be followed; to counsel; to warn. \ (v. t.) To give information or notice to; to inform; -- with of before the thing communicated; as, we were advised of the risk. \ (v. t.) To consider; to deliberate. \ (v. t.) To take counsel; to consult; -- followed by with, to advise with friends.
insert noisy (superl.) Making a noise, esp. a loud sound; clamorous; vociferous; turbulent; boisterous; as, the noisy crowd. \ (superl.) Full of noise.
insert rule v. to govern or control; to decide; n. a statement or an order that says how something must be done \ (a.) That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as, the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket. \ (a.) Uniform or established course of things. \ (a.) Systematic method or practice, my ule is to rise at six o'clock. \ (a.) Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things, it is a rule to which there are many exeptions. \ (a.) Conduct in general; behavior. \ (a.) The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control. \ (a.) An order regulating the practice of the courts, or an order made between parties to an action or a suit. \ (a.) A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result, a rule for extracting the cube root. \ (a.) A general principle concerning the formation or use of words, or a concise statement thereof; thus, it is a rule in England, that s or es , added to a noun in the singular number, forms the plural of that noun; but "man" forms its plural "men", and is an exception to the rule. \ (a.) A straight strip of wood, metal, or the like, which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler. \ (a.) A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood, ivory, which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch, and jointed so that it may be folded compactly. \ (a.) A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type, and used for printing lines, as between columns on the same page, or in tabular work. \ (a.) A composing rule. See under Conposing. \ (n.) To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage. \ (n.) To control or direct by influence, counsel, or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive. \ (n.) To establish or settle by, or as by, a rule; to fix by universal or general consent, or by common practice. \ (n.) To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court. \ (n.) To mark with lines made with a pen, pencil, etc., guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result, to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book. \ (v. i.) To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over. \ (v. i.) To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule. \ (v. i.) To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general, or as a rule, prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before.
insert fear v. to be afraid; to worry that something bad is near or may happen ("He feared falling down."); n. a strong emotion when there is danger or trouble ("He had a fear that he would fall down.") \ (n.) A variant of Fere, a mate, a companion. \ (n.) A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil, or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread. \ (n.) Apprehension of incurring, or solicitude to avoid, God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng. \ (n.) Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth. \ (n.) That which causes, or which is the object of, apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness. \ (n.) To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude. \ (n.) To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of. \ (n.) To be anxious or solicitous for. \ (n.) To suspect; to doubt. \ (n.) To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear. \ (v. i.) To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil.
insert admire (v. t.) To regard with wonder or astonishment; to view with surprise; to marvel at. \ (v. t.) To regard with wonder and delight; to look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure, as something which calls out approbation, esteem, love, or reverence; to estimate or prize highly; as, to admire a person of high moral worth, to admire a landscape. \ (v. i.) To wonder; to marvel; to be affected with surprise; -- sometimes with at.
insert sometime (adv.) At a past time indefinitely referred to; once; formerly. \ (adv.) At a time undefined; once in a while; now and then; sometimes. \ (adv.) At one time or other hereafter; as, I will do it sometime. \ (a.) Having been formerly; former; late; whilom.
insert lately (adv.) Not long ago; recently; as, he has lately arrived from Italy.
insert weakness (n.) The quality or state of being weak; want of strength or firmness; lack of vigor; want of resolution or of moral strength; feebleness. \ (n.) That which is a mark of lack of strength or resolution; a fault; a defect.
insert compact (p. p. & a) Joined or held together; leagued; confederated. \ (p. p. & a) Composed or made; -- with of. \ (p. p. & a) Closely or firmly united, as the particles of solid bodies; firm; close; solid; dense. \ (p. p. & a) Brief; pithy; not diffuse; not verbose; as, a compact discourse. \ (v. t.) To thrust, drive, or press closely together; to join firmly; to consolidate; to make close; -- as the parts which compose a body. \ (v. t.) To unite or connect firmly, as in a system. \ (n.) An agreement between parties; a covenant or contract.
insert worm (n.) A creeping or a crawling animal of any kind or size, as a serpent, caterpillar, snail, or the like. \ (n.) Any small creeping animal or reptile, either entirely without feet, or with very short ones, including a great variety of animals; as, an earthworm; the blindworm. \ (n.) Any helminth; an entozoon. \ (n.) Any annelid. \ (n.) An insect larva. \ (n.) Same as Vermes. \ (n.) An internal tormentor; something that gnaws or afflicts one's mind with remorse. \ (n.) A being debased and despised. \ (n.) Anything spiral, vermiculated, or resembling a worm \ (n.) The thread of a screw. \ (n.) A spiral instrument or screw, often like a double corkscrew, used for drawing balls from firearms. \ (n.) A certain muscular band in the tongue of some animals, as the dog; the lytta. See Lytta. \ (n.) The condensing tube of a still, often curved and wound to economize space. See Illust. of Still. \ (n.) A short revolving screw, the threads of which drive, or are driven by, a worm wheel by gearing into its teeth or cogs. See Illust. of Worm gearing, below. \ (v. i.) To work slowly, gradually, and secretly. \ (v. t.) To effect, remove, drive, draw, or the like, by slow and secret means; -- often followed by out. \ (v. t.) To clean by means of a worm; to draw a wad or cartridge from, as a firearm. See Worm, n. 5 (b). \ (n.) To cut the worm, or lytta, from under the tongue of, as a dog, for the purpose of checking a disposition to gnaw. The operation was formerly supposed to guard against canine madness. \ (n.) To wind rope, yarn, or other material, spirally round, between the strands of, as a cable; to wind with spun yarn, as a small rope.
insert cupboard (n.) A board or shelf for cups and dishes. \ (n.) A small closet in a room, with shelves to receive cups, dishes, food, etc.; hence, any small closet. \ (v. t.) To collect, as into a cupboard; to hoard.
insert swell (v. i.) To grow larger; to dilate or extend the exterior surface or dimensions, by matter added within, or by expansion of the inclosed substance; as, the legs swell in dropsy; a bruised part swells; a bladder swells by inflation. \ (v. i.) To increase in size or extent by any addition; to increase in volume or force, a river swells, and overflows its banks; sounds swell or diminish. \ (v. i.) To rise or be driven into waves or billows; to heave, in tempest, the ocean swells into waves. \ (v. i.) To be puffed up or bloated, to swell with pride. \ (v. i.) To be inflated; to belly, the sails swell. \ (v. i.) To be turgid, bombastic, or extravagant, swelling words; a swelling style. \ (v. i.) To protuberate; to bulge out, a cask swells in the middle. \ (v. i.) To be elated; to rise arrogantly. \ (v. i.) To grow upon the view; to become larger; to expand. \ (v. i.) To become larger in amount, many little debts added, swell to a great amount. \ (v. i.) To act in a pompous, ostentatious, or arrogant manner; to strut; to look big. \ (v. t.) To increase the size, bulk, or dimensions of; to cause to rise, dilate, or increase, rains and dissolving snow swell the rivers in spring; immigration swells the population. \ (v. t.) To aggravate; to heighten. \ (v. t.) To raise to arrogance; to puff up; to inflate, to be swelled with pride or haughtiness. \ (v. t.) To augment gradually in force or loudness, as the sound of a note. \ (n.) The act of swelling. \ (n.) Gradual increase. \ (n.) Increase or augmentation in bulk; protuberance. \ (n.) Increase in height; elevation; rise. \ (n.) Increase of force, intensity, or volume of sound. \ (n.) Increase of power in style, or of rhetorical force. \ (n.) A gradual ascent, or rounded elevation, of land, an extensive plain abounding with little swells. \ (n.) A wave, or billow; especially, a succession of large waves; the roll of the sea after a storm, a heavy swell sets into the harbor. \ (n.) A gradual increase and decrease of the volume of sound; the crescendo and diminuendo combined; -- generally indicated by the sign. \ (n.) A showy, dashing person; a dandy. \ (a.) Having the characteristics of a person of rank and importance; showy; dandified; distinguished, a swell person; a swell neighborhood.
insert flat ad. smooth; having no high places \ (superl.) Having an even and horizontal surface, or nearly so, without prominences or depressions; level without inclination; plane. \ (superl.) Lying at full length, or spread out, upon the ground; level with the ground or earth; prostrate; as, to lie flat on the ground; hence, fallen; laid low; ruined; destroyed. \ (superl.) Wanting relief; destitute of variety; without points of prominence and striking interest. \ (superl.) Tasteless; stale; vapid; insipid; dead, fruit or drink flat to the taste. \ (superl.) Unanimated; dull; uninteresting; without point or spirit; monotonous, a flat speech or composition. \ (superl.) Lacking liveliness of commercial exchange and dealings; depressed, the market is flat. \ (superl.) Clear; unmistakable; peremptory; absolute; positive; downright. \ (superl.) Below the true pitch, as applied to intervals, minor, or lower by a half step, a flat seventh; A flat. \ (superl.) Not sharp or shrill; not acute, a flat sound. \ (superl.) Sonant; vocal; -- applied to any one of the sonant or vocal consonants, as distinguished from a nonsonant (or sharp) consonant. \ (adv.) In a flat manner; directly; flatly. \ (adv.) Without allowance for accrued interest. \ (n.) A level surface, without elevation, relief, or prominences; an extended plain; specifically, in the United States, a level tract along the along the banks of a river, the Mohawk Flats. \ (n.) A level tract lying at little depth below the surface of water, or alternately covered and left bare by the tide; a shoal; a shallow; a strand. \ (n.) Something broad and flat in form \ (n.) A flat-bottomed boat, without keel, and of small draught. \ (n.) A straw hat, broad-brimmed and low-crowned. \ (n.) A car without a roof, the body of which is a platform without sides; a platform car. \ (n.) A platform on wheel, upon which emblematic designs, etc., are carried in processions. \ (n.) The flat part, or side, of anything, the broad side of a blade, as distinguished from its edge. \ (n.) A floor, loft, or story in a building; especially, a floor of a house, which forms a complete residence in itself. \ (n.) A horizontal vein or ore deposit auxiliary to a main vein; also, any horizontal portion of a vein not elsewhere horizontal. \ (n.) A dull fellow; a simpleton; a numskull. \ (n.) A character [/] before a note, indicating a tone which is a half step or semitone lower. \ (n.) A homaloid space or extension. \ (v. t.) To make flat; to flatten; to level. \ (v. t.) To render dull, or spiritless; to depress. \ (v. t.) To depress in tone, as a musical note, to lower in pitch by half a tone. \ (v. i.) To become flat, or flattened; to sink or fall to an even surface. \ (v. i.) To fall form the pitch. \ (a.) Having a head at a very obtuse angle to the shaft; -- said of a club. \ (a.) Flattening at the ends; -- said of certain fruits.
insert even ad. in a way not thought possible ("They survived, even though the building was destroyed.") \ (n.) Evening. See Eve, n. 1. \ (a.) Level, smooth, or equal in surface; not rough; free from irregularities; hence uniform in rate of motion of action; as, even ground; an even speed; an even course of conduct. \ (a.) Equable; not easily ruffed or disturbed; calm; uniformly self-possessed, an even temper. \ (a.) Parallel; on a level; reaching the same limit. \ (a.) Balanced; adjusted; fair; equitable; impartial; just to both side; owing nothing on either side; -- said of accounts, bargains, or persons indebted, our accounts are even; an even bargain. \ (a.) Without an irregularity, flaw, or blemish; pure. \ (a.) Associate; fellow; of the same condition. \ (a.) Not odd; capable of division by two without a remainder; -- said of numbers, 4 and 10 are even numbers. \ (v. t.) To make even or level; to level; to lay smooth. \ (v. t.) To equal \ (v. t.) To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make quits. \ (v. t.) To set right; to complete. \ (v. t.) To act up to; to keep pace with. \ (v. i.) To be equal. \ (a.) In an equal or precisely similar manner; equally; precisely; just; likewise; as well. \ (a.) Up to, or down to, an unusual measure or level; so much as; fully; quite. \ (a.) As might not be expected; -- serving to introduce what is unexpected or less expected. \ (a.) At the very time; in the very case.
insert dismiss v. to send away; to refuse to consider \ (v. t.) To send away; to give leave of departure; to cause or permit to go; to put away. \ (v. t.) To discard; to remove or discharge from office, service, or employment; as, the king dismisses his ministers; the matter dismisses his servant. \ (v. t.) To lay aside or reject as unworthy of attentions or regard, as a petition or motion in court. \ (n.) Dismission.
insert warm ad. almost hot; having or feeling some heat \ (superl.) Having heat in a moderate degree; not cold as, warm milk. \ (superl.) Having a sensation of heat, esp. of gentle heat; glowing. \ (superl.) Subject to heat; having prevalence of heat, or little or no cold weather; as, the warm climate of Egypt. \ (superl.) Fig.: Not cool, indifferent, lukewarm, or the like, in spirit or temper; zealous; ardent; fervent; excited; sprightly; irritable; excitable. \ (superl.) Violent; vehement; furious; passionate, a warm contest; a warm debate. \ (superl.) Being well off as to property, or in good circumstances; forehanded; rich. \ (superl.) In children's games, being near the object sought for; hence, being close to the discovery of some person, thing, or fact concealed. \ (superl.) Having yellow or red for a basis, or in their composition; -- said of colors, and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds. \ (a.) To communicate a moderate degree of heat to; to render warm; to supply or furnish heat to, a stove warms an apartment. \ (a.) To make engaged or earnest; to interest; to engage; to excite ardor or zeal; to enliven. \ (v. i.) To become warm, or moderately heated, the earth soon warms in a clear day summer. \ (v. i.) To become ardent or animated, the speake/ warms as he proceeds. \ (n.) The act of warming, or the state of being warmed; a warming; a heating.
insert sake (n.) Final cause; end; purpose of obtaining; cause; motive; reason; interest; concern; account; regard or respect; -- used chiefly in such phrases as, for the sake of, for his sake, for man's sake, for mercy's sake, and the like; as, to commit crime for the sake of gain; to go abroad for the sake of one's health.
insert help v. to give support; to assist; to make easier; n. support; aid \ (v. t.) To furnish with strength or means for the successful performance of any action or the attainment of any object; to aid; as, to help a man in his work; to help one to remember; -- the following infinitive is commonly used without to, "Help me scale yon balcony." \ (v. t.) To furnish with the means of deliverance from trouble, to help one in distress; to help one out of prison. \ (v. t.) To furnish with relief, as in pain or disease; to be of avail against; -- sometimes with of before a word designating the pain or disease, and sometimes having such a word for the direct object. \ (v. t.) To change for the better; to remedy. \ (v. t.) To prevent; to hinder, the evil approaches, and who can help it? \ (v. t.) To forbear; to avoid. \ (v. t.) To wait upon, as the guests at table, by carving and passing food. \ (v. i.) To lend aid or assistance; to contribute strength or means; to avail or be of use; to assist. \ (v. t.) Strength or means furnished toward promoting an object, or deliverance from difficulty or distress; aid; ^; also, the person or thing furnishing the aid, he gave me a help of fifty dollars. \ (v. t.) Remedy; relief, there is no help for it. \ (v. t.) A helper; one hired to help another, thew hole force of hired helpers in any business. \ (v. t.) Specifically, a domestic servant, man or woman.
insert taste v. to sense through the mouth ("The fruit tastes sweet.") \ (v. t.) To try by the touch; to handle; as, to taste a bow. \ (v. t.) To try by the touch of the tongue; to perceive the relish or flavor of (anything) by taking a small quantity into a mouth. Also used figuratively. \ (v. t.) To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of. \ (v. t.) To become acquainted with by actual trial; to essay; to experience; to undergo. \ (v. t.) To partake of; to participate in; -- usually with an implied sense of relish or pleasure. \ (v. i.) To try food with the mouth; to eat or drink a little only; to try the flavor of anything, to taste of each kind of wine. \ (v. i.) To have a smack; to excite a particular sensation, by which the specific quality or flavor is distinguished; to have a particular quality or character, this water tastes brackish; the milk tastes of garlic. \ (v. i.) To take sparingly. \ (v. i.) To have perception, experience, or enjoyment; to partake, to taste of nature's bounty. \ (n.) The act of tasting; gustation. \ (n.) A particular sensation excited by the application of a substance to the tongue; the quality or savor of any substance as perceived by means of the tongue; flavor, the taste of an orange or an apple; a bitter taste; an acid taste; a sweet taste. \ (n.) The one of the five senses by which certain properties of bodies (called their taste, savor, flavor) are ascertained by contact with the organs of taste. \ (n.) Intellectual relish; liking; fondness; -- formerly with of, now with for, he had no taste for study. \ (n.) The power of perceiving and relishing excellence in human performances; the faculty of discerning beauty, order, congruity, proportion, symmetry, or whatever constitutes excellence, particularly in the fine arts and belles-letters; critical judgment; discernment. \ (n.) Manner, with respect to what is pleasing, refined, or in accordance with good usage; style, music composed in good taste; an epitaph in bad taste. \ (n.) Essay; trial; experiment. \ (n.) A small portion given as a specimen; a little piece tastted of eaten; a bit. \ (n.) A kind of narrow and thin silk ribbon.
insert text (n.) A discourse or composition on which a note or commentary is written; the original words of an author, in distinction from a paraphrase, annotation, or commentary. \ (n.) The four Gospels, by way of distinction or eminence. \ (n.) A verse or passage of Scripture, especially one chosen as the subject of a sermon, or in proof of a doctrine. \ (n.) Hence, anything chosen as the subject of an argument, literary composition, or the like; topic; theme. \ (n.) A style of writing in large characters; text-hand also, a kind of type used in printing; as, German text. \ (v. t.) To write in large characters, as in text hand.
insert wool (n.) The soft and curled, or crisped, species of hair which grows on sheep and some other animals, and which in fineness sometimes approaches to fur; -- chiefly applied to the fleecy coat of the sheep, which constitutes a most essential material of clothing in all cold and temperate climates. \ (n.) Short, thick hair, especially when crisped or curled. \ (n.) A sort of pubescence, or a clothing of dense, curling hairs on the surface of certain plants.
insert unique (a.) Being without a like or equal; unmatched; unequaled; unparalleled; single in kind or excellence; sole. \ (n.) A thing without a like; something unequaled or unparalleled.
insert third ad. coming after two others \ (a.) Next after the second; coming after two others; -- the ordinal of three; as, the third hour in the day. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of three equal parts into which anything is divided, the third part of a day. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by three; one of three equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The sixtieth part of a second of time. \ (n.) The third tone of the scale; the mediant. \ (n.) The third part of the estate of a deceased husband, which, by some local laws, the widow is entitled to enjoy during her life.
insert value n. the quality of being useful, important or desired; the amount of money that could be received if something is sold \ (n.) The property or aggregate properties of a thing by which it is rendered useful or desirable, or the degree of such property or sum of properties; worth; excellence; utility; importance. \ (n.) Worth estimated by any standard of purchasing power, especially by the market price, or the amount of money agreed upon as an equivalent to the utility and cost of anything. \ (n.) Precise signification; import; as, the value of a word; the value of a legal instrument \ (n.) Esteem; regard. \ (n.) The relative length or duration of a tone or note, answering to quantity in prosody; thus, a quarter note [/] has the value of two eighth notes [/]. \ (n.) In an artistical composition, the character of any one part in its relation to other parts and to the whole; -- often used in the plural, the values are well given, or well maintained. \ (n.) Valor. \ (v. t.) To estimate the value, or worth, of; to rate at a certain price; to appraise; to reckon with respect to number, power, importance, etc. \ (v. t.) To rate highly; to have in high esteem; to hold in respect and estimation; to appreciate; to prize, to value one for his works or his virtues. \ (v. t.) To raise to estimation; to cause to have value, either real or apparent; to enhance in value. \ (v. t.) To be worth; to be equal to in value. \ (n.) That property of a color by which it is distinguished as bright or dark; luminosity. \ (n.) Degree of lightness as conditioned by the presence of white or pale color, or their opposites. \ (n.) Any particular quantitative determination, a function's value for some special value of its argument. \ (n.) The valuable ingredients to be obtained by treatment from any mass or compound; specif., the precious metals contained in rock, gravel, or the like, the vein carries good values; the values on the hanging walls.
insert east n. the direction from which the sun rises \ (n.) The point in the heavens where the sun is seen to rise at the equinox, or the corresponding point on the earth; that one of the four cardinal points of the compass which is in a direction at right angles to that of north and south, and which is toward the right hand of one who faces the north; the point directly opposite to the west. \ (n.) The eastern parts of the earth; the regions or countries which lie east of Europe; the orient. In this indefinite sense, the word is applied to Asia Minor, Syria, Chaldea, Persia, India, China, etc.; as, the riches of the East; the diamonds and pearls of the East; the kings of the East. \ (n.) Formerly, the part of the United States east of the Alleghany Mountains, esp. the Eastern, or New England, States; now, commonly, the whole region east of the Mississippi River, esp. that which is north of Maryland and the Ohio River; -- usually with the definite article, the commerce of the East is not independent of the agriculture of the West. \ (a.) Toward the rising sun; or toward the point where the sun rises when in the equinoctial, the east gate; the east border; the east side; the east wind is a wind that blows from the east. \ (adv.) Eastward. \ (v. i.) To move toward the east; to veer from the north or south toward the east; to orientate. \ (a.) Designating, or situated in, that part of a church which contains the choir or chancel, the east front of a cathedral.
insert invent v. to plan and make something never made before; to create a new thing or way of doing something \ (v. t.) To come or light upon; to meet; to find. \ (v. t.) To discover, as by study or inquiry; to find out; to devise; to contrive or produce for the first time; -- applied commonly to the discovery of some serviceable mode, instrument, or machine. \ (v. t.) To frame by the imagination; to fabricate mentally; to forge; -- in a good or a bad sense; as, to invent the machinery of a poem; to invent a falsehood.
insert position n. a place; the way of holding the body; the way a thing is set or placed; a job (or level of a job) in an organization \ (n.) The state of being posited, or placed; the manner in which anything is placed; attitude; condition; as, a firm, an inclined, or an upright position. \ (n.) The spot where a person or thing is placed or takes a place; site; place; station; situation, the position of man in creation; the fleet changed its position. \ (n.) Hence: The ground which any one takes in an argument or controversy; the point of view from which any one proceeds to a discussion; also, a principle laid down as the basis of reasoning; a proposition; a thesis, to define one's position; to appear in a false position. \ (n.) Relative place or standing; social or official rank, a person of position; hence, office; post, to lose one's position. \ (n.) A method of solving a problem by one or two suppositions; -- called also the rule of trial and error. \ (v. t.) To indicate the position of; to place.
insert war n. fighting between nations, or groups in a nation, using weapons \ (a.) Ware; aware. \ (n.) A contest between nations or states, carried on by force, whether for defence, for revenging insults and redressing wrongs, for the extension of commerce, for the acquisition of territory, for obtaining and establishing the superiority and dominion of one over the other, or for any other purpose; armed conflict of sovereign powers; declared and open hostilities. \ (n.) A condition of belligerency to be maintained by physical force. In this sense, levying war against the sovereign authority is treason. \ (n.) Instruments of war. \ (n.) Forces; army. \ (n.) The profession of arms; the art of war. \ (n.) a state of opposition or contest; an act of opposition; an inimical contest, act, or action; enmity; hostility. \ (v. i.) To make war; to invade or attack a state or nation with force of arms; to carry on hostilities; to be in a state by violence. \ (v. i.) To contend; to strive violently; to fight. \ (v. t.) To make war upon; to fight. \ (v. t.) To carry on, as a contest; to wage.
insert never ad. at no time; not ever \ (adv.) Not ever; not at any time; at no time, whether past, present, or future. \ (adv.) In no degree; not in the least; not.
insert toward prep. in the direction of; leading to \ (prep.) Alt. of Towards \ (adv.) Alt. of Towards \ (prep.) Approaching; coming near. \ (prep.) Readly to do or learn; compliant with duty; not froward; apt; docile; tractable; as, a toward youth. \ (prep.) Ready to act; forward; bold; valiant.
insert service n. an organization or system that provides something for the public ("Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes."); a job that an organization or business can do for money; military organizations such as an army, navy or air force; a religious ceremony \ Alt. of Service \ A name given to several trees and shrubs of the genus Pyrus, as Pyrus domestica and P. torminalis of Europe, the various species of mountain ash or rowan tree, and the American shad bush (see Shad bush, under Shad). They have clusters of small, edible, applelike berries. \ (n.) The act of serving; the occupation of a servant; the performance of labor for the benefit of another, or at another's command; attendance of an inferior, hired helper, slave, etc., on a superior, employer, master, or the like; also, spiritual obedience and love. \ (n.) The deed of one who serves; labor performed for another; duty done or required; office. \ (n.) Office of devotion; official religious duty performed; religious rites appropriate to any event or ceremonial; as, a burial service. \ (n.) Hence, a musical composition for use in churches. \ (n.) Duty performed in, or appropriate to, any office or charge; official function; hence, specifically, military or naval duty; performance of the duties of a soldier. \ (n.) Useful office; advantage conferred; that which promotes interest or happiness; benefit; avail. \ (n.) Profession of respect; acknowledgment of duty owed. \ (n.) The act and manner of bringing food to the persons who eat it; order of dishes at table, a set or number of vessels ordinarily used at table, the service was tardy and awkward; a service of plate or glass. \ (n.) The act of bringing to notice, either actually or constructively, in such manner as is prescribed by law, the service of a subp/na or an attachment. \ (n.) The materials used for serving a rope, as spun yarn, small lines, etc. \ (n.) The act of serving the ball. \ (n.) Act of serving or covering. See Serve, v. t., 13.
insert quality n. that which something is known to have or be ("An important quality of steel is its strength."); amount of value or excellence ("Their goods are of the highest quality.") \ (n.) The condition of being of such and such a sort as distinguished from others; nature or character relatively considered, as of goods; character; sort; rank. \ (n.) Special or temporary character; profession; occupation; assumed or asserted rank, part, or position. \ (n.) That which makes, or helps to make, anything such as it is; anything belonging to a subject, or predicable of it; distinguishing property, characteristic, or attribute; peculiar power, capacity, or virtue; distinctive trait; as, the tones of a flute differ from those of a violin in quality; the great quality of a statesman. \ (n.) An acquired trait; accomplishment; acquisition. \ (n.) Superior birth or station; high rank; elevated character.
insert essay (n.) An effort made, or exertion of body or mind, for the performance of anything; a trial; attempt; as, to make an essay to benefit a friend. \ (n.) A composition treating of any particular subject; -- usually shorter and less methodical than a formal, finished treatise, an essay on the life and writings of Homer; an essay on fossils, or on commerce. \ (n.) An assay. See Assay, n. \ (n.) To exert one's power or faculties upon; to make an effort to perform; to attempt; to endeavor; to make experiment or trial of; to try. \ (n.) To test the value and purity of (metals); to assay. See Assay.
insert shut (imp. & p. p.) of Shut \ (v. t.) To close so as to hinder ingress or egress; as, to shut a door or a gate; to shut one's eyes or mouth. \ (v. t.) To forbid entrance into; to prohibit; to bar, to shut the ports of a country by a blockade. \ (v. t.) To preclude; to exclude; to bar out. \ (v. t.) To fold together; to close over, as the fingers; to close by bringing the parts together, to shut the hand; to shut a book. \ (v. i.) To close itself; to become closed, the door shuts; it shuts hard. \ (a.) Closed or fastened, a shut door. \ (a.) Rid; clear; free, to get shut of a person. \ (a.) Formed by complete closure of the mouth passage, and with the nose passage remaining closed; stopped, as are the mute consonants, p, t, k, b, d, and hard g. \ (a.) Cut off sharply and abruptly by a following consonant in the same syllable, as the English short vowels, /, always are. \ (n.) The act or time of shutting; close, the shut of a door. \ (n.) A door or cover; a shutter. \ (n.) The line or place where two pieces of metal are united by welding.
insert happen v. to become a fact or event; to take place \ (v. i.) To come by chance; to come without previous expectation; to fall out. \ (v. i.) To take place; to occur.
insert coat (n.) An outer garment fitting the upper part of the body; especially, such a garment worn by men. \ (n.) A petticoat. \ (n.) The habit or vesture of an order of men, indicating the order or office; cloth. \ (n.) An external covering like a garment, as fur, skin, wool, husk, or bark; as, the horses coats were sleek. \ (n.) A layer of any substance covering another; a cover; a tegument, the coats of the eye; the coats of an onion; a coat of tar or varnish. \ (n.) Same as Coat of arms. See below. \ (n.) A coat card. See below. \ (v. t.) To cover with a coat or outer garment. \ (v. t.) To cover with a layer of any substance, to coat a jar with tin foil; to coat a ceiling.
insert guard v. to watch and protect a person, place or thing ("He guards the president."); n. a person or thing that watches or protects ("He is a prison guard.") \ (n.) To protect from danger; to secure against surprise, attack, or injury; to keep in safety; to defend; to shelter; to shield from surprise or attack; to protect by attendance; to accompany for protection; to care for. \ (n.) To keep watch over, in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence, or the like. \ (n.) To protect the edge of, esp. with an ornamental border; hence, to face or ornament with lists, laces, etc. \ (n.) To fasten by binding; to gird. \ (v. i.) To watch by way of caution or defense; to be caution; to be in a state or position of defense or safety; as, careful persons guard against mistakes. \ (v. t.) One who, or that which, guards from injury, danger, exposure, or attack; defense; protection. \ (v. t.) A man, or body of men, stationed to protect or control a person or position; a watch; a sentinel. \ (v. t.) One who has charge of a mail coach or a railway train; a conductor. \ (v. t.) Any fixture or attachment designed to protect or secure against injury, soiling, or defacement, theft or loss \ (v. t.) That part of a sword hilt which protects the hand. \ (v. t.) Ornamental lace or hem protecting the edge of a garment. \ (v. t.) A chain or cord for fastening a watch to one's person or dress. \ (v. t.) A fence or rail to prevent falling from the deck of a vessel. \ (v. t.) An extension of the deck of a vessel beyond the hull; esp., in side-wheel steam vessels, the framework of strong timbers, which curves out on each side beyond the paddle wheel, and protects it and the shaft against collision. \ (v. t.) A plate of metal, beneath the stock, or the lock frame, of a gun or pistol, having a loop, called a bow, to protect the trigger. \ (v. t.) An interleaved strip at the back, as in a scrap book, to guard against its breaking when filled. \ (v. t.) A posture of defense in fencing, and in bayonet and saber exercise. \ (v. t.) An expression or admission intended to secure against objections or censure. \ (v. t.) Watch; heed; care; attention, to keep guard. \ (v. t.) The fibrous sheath which covers the phragmacone of the Belemnites.
insert holiday n. a day when one does not work; a day on which no work is done to honor or remember a person or event \ (n.) A consecrated day; religious anniversary; a day set apart in honor of some person, or in commemoration of some event. See Holyday. \ (n.) A day of exemption from labor; a day of amusement and gayety; a festival day. \ (n.) A day fixed by law for suspension of business; a legal holiday. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a festival; cheerful; joyous; gay. \ (a.) Occurring rarely; adapted for a special occasion.
insert beast (n.) Any living creature; an animal; -- including man, insects, etc. \ (n.) Any four-footed animal, that may be used for labor, food, or sport; as, a beast of burden. \ (n.) As opposed to man: Any irrational animal. \ (n.) Fig.: A coarse, brutal, filthy, or degraded fellow. \ (n.) A game at cards similar to loo. \ (n.) A penalty at beast, omber, etc. Hence: To be beasted, to be beaten at beast, etc.
insert select (a.) Taken from a number by preferance; picked out as more valuable or exellent than others; of special value or exellence; nicely chosen; selected; choice. \ (v. t.) To choose and take from a number; to take by preference from among others; to pick out; to cull; as, to select the best authors for perusal.
insert cool ad. almost cold \ (superl.) Moderately cold; between warm and cold; lacking in warmth; producing or promoting coolness. \ (superl.) Not ardent, warm, fond, or passionate; not hasty; deliberate; exercising self-control; self-possessed; dispassionate; indifferent; as, a cool lover; a cool debater. \ (superl.) Not retaining heat; light, a cool dress. \ (superl.) Manifesting coldness or dislike; chilling; apathetic, a cool manner. \ (superl.) Quietly impudent; negligent of propriety in matters of minor importance, either ignorantly or willfully; presuming and selfish; audacious, cool behavior. \ (superl.) Applied facetiously, in a vague sense, to a sum of money, commonly as if to give emphasis to the largeness of the amount. \ (n.) A moderate state of cold; coolness; -- said of the temperature of the air between hot and cold, the cool of the day; the cool of the morning or evening. \ (v. t.) To make cool or cold; to reduce the temperature of, ice cools water. \ (v. t.) To moderate the heat or excitement of; to allay, as passion of any kind; to calm; to moderate. \ (v. i.) To become less hot; to lose heat. \ (v. i.) To lose the heat of excitement or passion; to become more moderate.
insert besides (adv.) Alt. of Beside \ (prep.) Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside, prep., 3, and Syn. under Beside.
insert vinegar (a.) A sour liquid used as a condiment, or as a preservative, and obtained by the spontaneous (acetous) fermentation, or by the artificial oxidation, of wine, cider, beer, or the like. \ (a.) Hence, anything sour; -- used also metaphorically. \ (v. t.) To convert into vinegar; to make like vinegar; to render sour or sharp.
insert water n. the liquid that falls from the sky as rain or is found in lakes, rivers and oceans \ (n.) The fluid which descends from the clouds in rain, and which forms rivers, lakes, seas, etc. \ (n.) A body of water, standing or flowing; a lake, river, or other collection of water. \ (n.) Any liquid secretion, humor, or the like, resembling water; esp., the urine. \ (n.) A solution in water of a gaseous or readily volatile substance; as, ammonia water. \ (n.) The limpidity and luster of a precious stone, especially a diamond, a diamond of the first water, that is, perfectly pure and transparent. Hence, of the first water, of the first excellence. \ (n.) A wavy, lustrous pattern or decoration such as is imparted to linen, silk, metals, etc. See Water, v. t., 3, Damask, and Damaskeen. \ (v. t.) An addition to the shares representing the capital of a stock company so that the aggregate par value of the shares is increased while their value for investment is diminished, or "diluted." \ (v. t.) To wet or supply with water; to moisten; to overflow with water; to irrigate, to water land; to water flowers. \ (v. t.) To supply with water for drink; to cause or allow to drink, to water cattle and horses. \ (v. t.) To wet and calender, as cloth, so as to impart to it a lustrous appearance in wavy lines; to diversify with wavelike lines, to water silk. Cf. Water, n., 6. \ (n.) To add water to (anything), thereby extending the quantity or bulk while reducing the strength or quality; to extend; to dilute; to weaken. \ (v. i.) To shed, secrete, or fill with, water or liquid matter, his eyes began to water. \ (v. i.) To get or take in water, the ship put into port to water.
insert decrease v. to make less in size or amount \ (n.) To grow less, -- opposed to increase; to be diminished gradually, in size, degree, number, duration, etc., or in strength, quality, or excellence; as, they days decrease in length from June to December. \ (v. t.) To cause to grow less; to diminish gradually, extravagance decreases one's means. \ (v.) A becoming less; gradual diminution; decay, a decrease of revenue or of strength. \ (v.) The wane of the moon.
insert screen (n.) Anything that separates or cuts off inconvenience, injury, or danger; that which shelters or conceals from view; a shield or protection; as, a fire screen. \ (n.) A dwarf wall or partition carried up to a certain height for separation and protection, as in a church, to separate the aisle from the choir, or the like. \ (n.) A surface, as that afforded by a curtain, sheet, wall, etc., upon which an image, as a picture, is thrown by a magic lantern, solar microscope, etc. \ (n.) A long, coarse riddle or sieve, sometimes a revolving perforated cylinder, used to separate the coarser from the finer parts, as of coal, sand, gravel, and the like. \ (v. t.) To provide with a shelter or means of concealment; to separate or cut off from inconvenience; to shelter; to protect; to protect by hiding; to conceal, fruits screened from cold winds by a forest or hill. \ (v. t.) To pass, as coal, ashes, through a screen in order to separate the coarse from the fine, or the worthless from the valuable; to sift. \ (n.) An erection of white canvas or wood placed on the boundary opposite a batsman to enable him to see ball better.
insert door n. an opening for entering or leaving a building or room \ (n.) An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment, by which to go in and out; an entrance way. \ (n.) The frame or barrier of boards, or other material, usually turning on hinges, by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened. \ (n.) Passage; means of approach or access. \ (n.) An entrance way, but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
insert chief n. the head or leader of a group; ad. leading; most important \ (n.) The head or leader of any body of men; a commander, as of an army; a head man, as of a tribe, clan, or family; a person in authority who directs the work of others; the principal actor or agent. \ (n.) The principal part; the most valuable portion. \ (n.) The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to be composed of the dexter, sinister, and middle chiefs. \ (a.) Highest in office or rank; principal; head. \ (a.) Principal or most eminent in any quality or action; most distinguished; having most influence; taking the lead; most important; as, the chief topic of conversation; the chief interest of man. \ (a.) Very intimate, near, or close.
insert limit v. to restrict to a number or amount; n. the greatest amount or number permitted \ (v. t.) That which terminates, circumscribes, restrains, or confines; the bound, border, or edge; the utmost extent; as, the limit of a walk, of a town, of a country; the limits of human knowledge or endeavor. \ (v. t.) The space or thing defined by limits. \ (v. t.) That which terminates a period of time; hence, the period itself; the full time or extent. \ (v. t.) A restriction; a check; a curb; a hindrance. \ (v. t.) A determining feature; a distinguishing characteristic; a differentia. \ (v. t.) A determinate quantity, to which a variable one continually approaches, and may differ from it by less than any given difference, but to which, under the law of variation, the variable can never become exactly equivalent. \ (v. t.) To apply a limit to, or set a limit for; to terminate, circumscribe, or restrict, by a limit or limits, to limit the acreage of a crop; to limit the issue of paper money; to limit one's ambitions or aspirations; to limit the meaning of a word. \ (v. i.) To beg, or to exercise functions, within a certain limited region, a limiting friar.
insert application (n.) The act of applying or laying on, in a literal sense; as, the application of emollients to a diseased limb. \ (n.) The thing applied. \ (n.) The act of applying as a means; the employment of means to accomplish an end; specific use. \ (n.) The act of directing or referring something to a particular case, to discover or illustrate agreement or disagreement, fitness, or correspondence, I make the remark, and leave you to make the application; the application of a theory. \ (n.) Hence, in specific uses: (a) That part of a sermon or discourse in which the principles before laid down and illustrated are applied to practical uses; the "moral" of a fable. (b) The use of the principles of one science for the purpose of enlarging or perfecting another, the application of algebra to geometry. \ (n.) The capacity of being practically applied or used; relevancy, a rule of general application. \ (n.) The act of fixing the mind or closely applying one's self; assiduous effort; close attention, to injure the health by application to study. \ (n.) The act of making request of soliciting, an application for an office; he made application to a court of chancery. \ (n.) A request; a document containing a request, his application was placed on file.
insert queen (n.) The wife of a king. \ (n.) A woman who is the sovereign of a kingdom; a female monarch; as, Elizabeth, queen of England; Mary, queen of Scots. \ (n.) A woman eminent in power or attractions; the highest of her kind, a queen in society; -- also used figuratively of cities, countries, etc. \ (n.) The fertile, or fully developed, female of social bees, ants, and termites. \ (n.) The most powerful, and except the king the most important, piece in a set of chessmen. \ (n.) A playing card bearing the picture of a queen, the queen of spades. \ (n.) A male homosexual, esp. one who is effeminate or dresses in women's clothing. \ (v. i.) To act the part of a queen. \ (v. i.) To make a queen (or other piece, at the player's discretion) of by moving it to the eighth row, to queen a pawn.
insert vase (n.) A vessel adapted for various domestic purposes, and anciently for sacrificial uses; especially, a vessel of antique or elegant pattern used for ornament; as, a porcelain vase; a gold vase; a Grecian vase. See Illust. of Portland vase, under Portland. \ (n.) A vessel similar to that described in the first definition above, or the representation of one in a solid block of stone, or the like, used for an ornament, as on a terrace or in a garden. See Illust. of Niche. \ (n.) The body, or naked ground, of the Corinthian and Composite capital; -- called also tambour, and drum. \ (n.) The calyx of a plant.
insert crayon (n.) An implement for drawing, made of clay and plumbago, or of some preparation of chalk, usually sold in small prisms or cylinders. \ (n.) A crayon drawing. \ (n.) A pencil of carbon used in producing electric light. \ (v. t.) To sketch, as with a crayon; to sketch or plan.
insert hobby (n.) A small, strong-winged European falcon (Falco subbuteo), formerly trained for hawking. \ (n.) Alt. of Hobbyhorse
insert next ad. coming immediately after; nearest \ (superl.) Nearest in place; having no similar object intervening. \ (superl.) Nearest in time; as, the next day or hour. \ (superl.) Adjoining in a series; immediately preceding or following in order. \ (superl.) Nearest in degree, quality, rank, right, or relation, the next heir was an infant. \ (adv.) In the time, place, or order nearest or immediately suceeding, this man follows next.
insert street n. a road in a city, town or village \ (a.) Originally, a paved way or road; a public highway; now commonly, a thoroughfare in a city or village, bordered by dwellings or business houses.
insert opinion n. a belief based on one's own ideas and thinking \ (n.) That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression, less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action. \ (n.) The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation. \ (n.) Favorable estimation; hence, consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem. \ (n.) Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness. \ (n.) The formal decision, or expression of views, of a judge, an umpire, a counselor, or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted. \ (v. t.) To opine.
insert row (a. & adv.) Rough; stern; angry. \ (n.) A noisy, turbulent quarrel or disturbance; a brawl. \ (n.) A series of persons or things arranged in a continued line; a line; a rank; a file; as, a row of trees; a row of houses or columns. \ (v. t.) To propel with oars, as a boat or vessel, along the surface of water, to row a boat. \ (v. t.) To transport in a boat propelled with oars, to row the captain ashore in his barge. \ (v. i.) To use the oar, to row well. \ (v. i.) To be moved by oars, the boat rows easily. \ (n.) The act of rowing; excursion in a rowboat.
insert flight (n.) The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying. \ (n.) The act of fleeing; the act of running away, to escape or expected evil; hasty departure. \ (n.) Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as, a flight of imagination, ambition, folly. \ (n.) A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially, a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season, a flight of arrows. \ (n.) A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another. \ (n.) A kind of arrow for the longbow; also, the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft. \ (n.) The husk or glume of oats.
insert garden (n.) A piece of ground appropriated to the cultivation of herbs, fruits, flowers, or vegetables. \ (n.) A rich, well-cultivated spot or tract of country. \ (v. i.) To lay out or cultivate a garden; to labor in a garden; to practice horticulture. \ (v. t.) To cultivate as a garden.
insert contract (n.) To draw together or nearer; to reduce to a less compass; to shorten, narrow, or lessen; as, to contract one's sphere of action. \ (n.) To draw together so as to wrinkle; to knit. \ (n.) To bring on; to incur; to acquire, to contract a habit; to contract a debt; to contract a disease. \ (n.) To enter into, with mutual obligations; to make a bargain or covenant for. \ (n.) To betroth; to affiance. \ (n.) To shorten by omitting a letter or letters or by reducing two or more vowels or syllables to one. \ (v. i.) To be drawn together so as to be diminished in size or extent; to shrink; to be reduced in compass or in duration, iron contracts in cooling; a rope contracts when wet. \ (v. i.) To make an agreement; to covenant; to agree; to bargain, to contract for carrying the mail. \ (a.) Contracted, a contract verb. \ (a.) Contracted; affianced; betrothed. \ (n.) The agreement of two or more persons, upon a sufficient consideration or cause, to do, or to abstain from doing, some act; an agreement in which a party undertakes to do, or not to do, a particular thing; a formal bargain; a compact; an interchange of legal rights. \ (n.) A formal writing which contains the agreement of parties, with the terms and conditions, and which serves as a proof of the obligation. \ (n.) The act of formally betrothing a man and woman.
insert pleased (imp. & p. p.) of Please \ (a.) Experiencing pleasure.
insert motion n. a movement; a continuing change of position or place \ (n.) The act, process, or state of changing place or position; movement; the passing of a body from one place or position to another, whether voluntary or involuntary; -- opposed to rest. \ (n.) Power of, or capacity for, motion. \ (n.) Direction of movement; course; tendency; as, the motion of the planets is from west to east. \ (n.) Change in the relative position of the parts of anything; action of a machine with respect to the relative movement of its parts. \ (n.) Movement of the mind, desires, or passions; mental act, or impulse to any action; internal activity. \ (n.) A proposal or suggestion looking to action or progress; esp., a formal proposal made in a deliberative assembly, a motion to adjourn. \ (n.) An application made to a court or judge orally in open court. Its object is to obtain an order or rule directing some act to be done in favor of the applicant. \ (n.) Change of pitch in successive sounds, whether in the same part or in groups of parts. \ (n.) A puppet show or puppet. \ (v. i.) To make a significant movement or gesture, as with the hand, to motion to one to take a seat. \ (v. i.) To make proposal; to offer plans. \ (v. t.) To direct or invite by a motion, as of the hand or head, to motion one to a seat. \ (v. t.) To propose; to move.
insert ladder (v. i.) A frame usually portable, of wood, metal, or rope, for ascent and descent, consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened cross strips or rounds forming steps. \ (v. i.) That which resembles a ladder in form or use; hence, that by means of which one attains to eminence.
insert fifty (a.) Five times ten; as, fifty men. \ (n.) The sum of five tens; fifty units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing fifty units, as 50, or l.
insert gone (p. p.) of Go \ p. p. of Go.
insert ocean n. the area of salt water that covers almost seventy-five percent of the earth's surface; any of the five main divisions of this water \ (n.) The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; -- called also the sea, or great sea. \ (n.) One of the large bodies of water into which the great ocean is regarded as divided, as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic and Antarctic oceans. \ (n.) An immense expanse; any vast space or quantity without apparent limits; as, the boundless ocean of eternity; an ocean of affairs. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the main or great sea, the ocean waves; an ocean stream.
insert polish (a.) Of or pertaining to Poland or its inhabitants. \ (n.) The language of the Poles. \ (v. t.) To make smooth and glossy, usually by friction; to burnish; to overspread with luster; as, to polish glass, marble, metals, etc. \ (v. t.) Hence, to refine; to wear off the rudeness, coarseness, or rusticity of; to make elegant and polite, to polish life or manners. \ (v. i.) To become smooth, as from friction; to receive a gloss; to take a smooth and glossy surface, steel polishes well. \ (n.) A smooth, glossy surface, usually produced by friction; a gloss or luster. \ (n.) Anything used to produce a gloss. \ (n.) Fig.: Refinement; elegance of manners.
insert unknown (a.) Not known; not apprehended.
insert seventeen (a.) One more than sixteen; ten and seven added; as, seventeen years. \ (n.) The number greater by one than sixteen; the sum of ten and seven; seventeen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol denoting seventeen units, as 17, or xvii.
insert temple (n.) A contrivence used in a loom for keeping the web stretched transversely. \ (n.) The space, on either side of the head, back of the eye and forehead, above the zygomatic arch and in front of the ear. \ (n.) One of the side bars of a pair of spectacles, jointed to the bows, and passing one on either side of the head to hold the spectacles in place. \ (n.) A place or edifice dedicated to the worship of some deity; as, the temple of Jupiter at Athens, or of Juggernaut in India. \ (n.) The edifice erected at Jerusalem for the worship of Jehovah. \ (n.) Hence, among Christians, an edifice erected as a place of public worship; a church. \ (n.) Fig.: Any place in which the divine presence specially resides. \ (v. t.) To build a temple for; to appropriate a temple to, to temple a god. \ (n.) A building dedicated to the administration of ordinances. \ (n.) A local organization of Odd Fellows.
insert step v. to move by lifting one foot and placing it in a new position; n. the act of stepping; one of a series of actions designed to reach a goal \ (a.) To move the foot in walking; to advance or recede by raising and moving one of the feet to another resting place, or by moving both feet in succession. \ (a.) To walk; to go on foot; esp., to walk a little distance; as, to step to one of the neighbors. \ (a.) To walk slowly, gravely, or resolutely. \ (a.) Fig.: To move mentally; to go in imagination. \ (v. t.) To set, as the foot. \ (v. t.) To fix the foot of (a mast) in its step; to erect. \ (v. i.) An advance or movement made by one removal of the foot; a pace. \ (v. i.) A rest, or one of a set of rests, for the foot in ascending or descending, as a stair, or a round of a ladder. \ (v. i.) The space passed over by one movement of the foot in walking or running, one step is generally about three feet, but may be more or less. Used also figuratively of any kind of progress, he improved step by step, or by steps. \ (v. i.) A small space or distance, it is but a step. \ (v. i.) A print of the foot; a footstep; a footprint; track. \ (v. i.) Gait; manner of walking, the approach of a man is often known by his step. \ (v. i.) Proceeding; measure; action; an act. \ (v. i.) Walk; passage. \ (v. i.) A portable framework of stairs, much used indoors in reaching to a high position. \ (v. i.) In general, a framing in wood or iron which is intended to receive an upright shaft; specif., a block of wood, or a solid platform upon the keelson, supporting the heel of the mast. \ (v. i.) One of a series of offsets, or parts, resembling the steps of stairs, as one of the series of parts of a cone pulley on which the belt runs. \ (v. i.) A bearing in which the lower extremity of a spindle or a vertical shaft revolves. \ (v. i.) The intervak between two contiguous degrees of the csale. \ (v. i.) A change of position effected by a motion of translation. \ (n.) At Eton College, England, a shallow step dividing the court into an inner and an outer portion.
insert flock (n.) A company or collection of living creatures; -- especially applied to sheep and birds, rarely to persons or (except in the plural) to cattle and other large animals; as, a flock of ravenous fowl. \ (n.) A Christian church or congregation; considered in their relation to the pastor, or minister in charge. \ (v. i.) To gather in companies or crowds. \ (v. t.) To flock to; to crowd. \ (n.) A lock of wool or hair. \ (n.) Woolen or cotton refuse (sing. \ (sing. \ (v. t.) To coat with flock, as wall paper; to roughen the surface of (as glass) so as to give an appearance of being covered with fine flock. / pl.), old rags, etc., reduced to a degree of fineness by machinery, and used for stuffing unpholstered furniture. / pl.) Very fine, sifted, woolen refuse, especially that from shearing the nap of cloths, used as a coating for wall paper to give it a velvety or clothlike appearance; also, the dust of vegetable fiber used for a similar purpose.
insert being (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Be \ (p. pr.) Existing. \ (n.) Existence, as opposed to nonexistence; state or sphere of existence. \ (n.) That which exists in any form, whether it be material or spiritual, actual or ideal; living existence, as distinguished from a thing without life; as, a human being; spiritual beings. \ (n.) Lifetime; mortal existence. \ (n.) An abode; a cottage. \ (adv.) Since; inasmuch as.
insert castle (n.) A fortified residence, especially that of a prince or nobleman; a fortress. \ (n.) Any strong, imposing, and stately mansion. \ (n.) A small tower, as on a ship, or an elephant's back. \ (n.) A piece, made to represent a castle, used in the game of chess; a rook. \ (v. i.) To move the castle to the square next to king, and then the king around the castle to the square next beyond it, for the purpose of covering the king.
insert behave (v. t.) To manage or govern in point of behavior; to discipline; to handle; to restrain. \ (v. t.) To carry; to conduct; to comport; to manage; to bear; -- used reflexively. \ (v. i.) To act; to bear or carry one's self; as, to behave well or ill.
insert fire v. to shoot a gun; n. the heat and light produced by something burning \ (n.) The evolution of light and heat in the combustion of bodies; combustion; state of ignition. \ (n.) Fuel in a state of combustion, as on a hearth, or in a stove or a furnace. \ (n.) The burning of a house or town; a conflagration. \ (n.) Anything which destroys or affects like fire. \ (n.) Ardor of passion, whether love or hate; excessive warmth; consuming violence of temper. \ (n.) Liveliness of imagination or fancy; intellectual and moral enthusiasm; capacity for ardor and zeal. \ (n.) Splendor; brilliancy; luster; hence, a star. \ (n.) Torture by burning; severe trial or affliction. \ (n.) The discharge of firearms; firing; as, the troops were exposed to a heavy fire. \ (v. t.) To set on fire; to kindle, to fire a house or chimney; to fire a pile. \ (v. t.) To subject to intense heat; to bake; to burn in a kiln, to fire pottery. \ (v. t.) To inflame; to irritate, as the passions, to fire the soul with anger, pride, or revenge. \ (v. t.) To animate; to give life or spirit to, to fire the genius of a young man. \ (v. t.) To feed or serve the fire of, to fire a boiler. \ (v. t.) To light up as if by fire; to illuminate. \ (v. t.) To cause to explode, to fire a torpedo; to disharge, to fire a musket or cannon; to fire cannon balls, rockets, etc. \ (v. t.) To drive by fire. \ (v. t.) To cauterize. \ (v. i.) To take fire; to be kindled; to kindle. \ (v. i.) To be irritated or inflamed with passion. \ (v. i.) To discharge artillery or firearms, they fired on the town.
insert cream (n.) The rich, oily, and yellowish part of milk, which, when the milk stands unagitated, rises, and collects on the surface. It is the part of milk from which butter is obtained. \ (n.) The part of any liquor that rises, and collects on the surface. \ (n.) A delicacy of several kinds prepared for the table from cream, etc., or so as to resemble cream. \ (n.) A cosmetic; a creamlike medicinal preparation. \ (n.) The best or choicest part of a thing; the quintessence; as, the cream of a jest or story; the cream of a collection of books or pictures. \ (v. t.) To skim, or take off by skimming, as cream. \ (v. t.) To take off the best or choicest part of. \ (v. t.) To furnish with, or as with, cream. \ (v. i.) To form or become covered with cream; to become thick like cream; to assume the appearance of cream; hence, to grow stiff or formal; to mantle.
insert occupy v. to take and hold or to control by force \ (v. t.) To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess. \ (v. t.) To hold, or fill, the dimensions of; to take up the room or space of; to cover or fill; as, the camp occupies five acres of ground. \ (v. t.) To possess or use the time or capacity of; to engage the service of; to employ; to busy. \ (v. t.) To do business in; to busy one's self with. \ (v. t.) To use; to expend; to make use of. \ (v. t.) To have sexual intercourse with. \ (v. i.) To hold possession; to be an occupant. \ (v. i.) To follow business; to traffic.
insert spend v. to give as payment; to use ("He spends much time studying.") \ (v. t.) To weigh or lay out; to dispose of; to part with; as, to spend money for clothing. \ (v. t.) To bestow; to employ; -- often with on or upon. \ (v. t.) To consume; to waste; to squander; to exhaust, to spend an estate in gaming or other vices. \ (v. t.) To pass, as time; to suffer to pass away, to spend a day idly; to spend winter abroad. \ (v. t.) To exhaust of force or strength; to wear away, the violence of the waves was spent. \ (v. i.) To expend money or any other possession; to consume, use, waste, or part with, anything, he who gets easily spends freely. \ (v. i.) To waste or wear away; to be consumed; to lose force or strength; to vanish, energy spends in the using of it. \ (v. i.) To be diffused; to spread. \ (v. i.) To break ground; to continue working.
insert independent ad. not influenced by or controlled by another or others; free; separate \ (a.) Not dependent; not subject to control by others; not relying on others; not subordinate; as, few men are wholly independent. \ (a.) Affording a comfortable livelihood, an independent property. \ (a.) Not subject to bias or influence; not obsequious; self-directing, a man of an independent mind. \ (a.) Expressing or indicating the feeling of independence; easy; bold; unconstrained, an independent air or manner. \ (a.) Separate from; exclusive; irrespective. \ (a.) Belonging or pertaining to, or holding to the doctrines or methods of, the Independents. \ (a.) Not dependent upon another quantity in respect to value or rate of variation; -- said of quantities or functions. \ (a.) Not bound by party; exercising a free choice in voting with either or any party. \ (n.) One who believes that an organized Christian church is complete in itself, competent to self-government, and independent of all ecclesiastical authority. \ (n.) One who does not acknowledge an obligation to support a party's candidate under all circumstances; one who exercises liberty in voting.
insert group n. a number of people or things together; a gathering of people working for a common purpose \ (n.) A cluster, crowd, or throng; an assemblage, either of persons or things, collected without any regular form or arrangement; as, a group of men or of trees; a group of isles. \ (n.) An assemblage of objects in a certain order or relation, or having some resemblance or common characteristic, groups of strata. \ (n.) A variously limited assemblage of animals or plants, having some resemblance, or common characteristics in form or structure. The term has different uses, and may be made to include certain species of a genus, or a whole genus, or certain genera, or even several orders. \ (n.) A number of eighth, sixteenth, etc., notes joined at the stems; -- sometimes rather indefinitely applied to any ornament made up of a few short notes. \ (n.) To form a group of; to arrange or combine in a group or in groups, often with reference to mutual relation and the best effect; to form an assemblage of.
insert downstairs (adv.) Down the stairs; to a lower floor. \ (a.) Below stairs; as, a downstairs room.
insert hook (n.) A piece of metal, or other hard material, formed or bent into a curve or at an angle, for catching, holding, or sustaining anything; as, a hook for catching fish; a hook for fastening a gate; a boat hook, etc. \ (n.) That part of a hinge which is fixed to a post, and on which a door or gate hangs and turns. \ (n.) An implement for cutting grass or grain; a sickle; an instrument for cutting or lopping; a billhook. \ (n.) See Eccentric, and V-hook. \ (n.) A snare; a trap. \ (n.) A field sown two years in succession. \ (n.) The projecting points of the thigh bones of cattle; -- called also hook bones. \ (v. t.) To catch or fasten with a hook or hooks; to seize, capture, or hold, as with a hook, esp. with a disguised or baited hook; hence, to secure by allurement or artifice; to entrap; to catch, to hook a dress; to hook a trout. \ (v. t.) To seize or pierce with the points of the horns, as cattle in attacking enemies; to gore. \ (v. t.) To steal. \ (v. i.) To bend; to curve as a hook. \ (n.) A spit or narrow cape of sand or gravel turned landward at the outer end, Sandy Hook. \ (v. i.) To move or go with a sudden turn; \ (v. i.) to make off; to clear out; -- often with it.
insert king (n.) A Chinese musical instrument, consisting of resonant stones or metal plates, arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood, and struck with a hammer. \ (n.) A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation, country, or tribe, usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince. \ (n.) One who, or that which, holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as, a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts. \ (n.) A playing card having the picture of a king, the king of diamonds. \ (n.) The chief piece in the game of chess. \ (n.) A crowned man in the game of draughts. \ (n.) The title of two historical books in the Old Testament. \ (v. i.) To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
insert practical (a.) Of or pertaining to practice or action. \ (a.) Capable of being turned to use or account; useful, in distinction from ideal or theoretical; as, practical chemistry. \ (a.) Evincing practice or skill; capable of applying knowledge to some useful end, a practical man; a practical mind. \ (a.) Derived from practice, practical skill.
insert triangle (n.) A figure bounded by three lines, and containing three angles. \ (n.) An instrument of percussion, usually made of a rod of steel, bent into the form of a triangle, open at one angle, and sounded by being struck with a small metallic rod. \ (n.) A draughtsman's square in the form of a right-angled triangle. \ (n.) A kind of frame formed of three poles stuck in the ground and united at the top, to which soldiers were bound when undergoing corporal punishment, -- now disused. \ (n.) A small constellation situated between Aries and Andromeda. \ (n.) A small constellation near the South Pole, containing three bright stars.
insert channel (n.) The hollow bed where a stream of water runs or may run. \ (n.) The deeper part of a river, harbor, strait, etc., where the main current flows, or which affords the best and safest passage for vessels. \ (n.) A strait, or narrow sea, between two portions of lands; as, the British Channel. \ (n.) That through which anything passes; means of passing, conveying, or transmitting, the news was conveyed to us by different channels. \ (n.) A gutter; a groove, as in a fluted column. \ (n.) Flat ledges of heavy plank bolted edgewise to the outside of a vessel, to increase the spread of the shrouds and carry them clear of the bulwarks. \ (v. t.) To form a channel in; to cut or wear a channel or channels in; to groove. \ (v. t.) To course through or over, as in a channel.
insert bean (n.) A name given to the seed of certain leguminous herbs, chiefly of the genera Faba, Phaseolus, and Dolichos; also, to the herbs. \ (n.) The popular name of other vegetable seeds or fruits, more or less resembling true beans.
insert highly (adv.) In a high manner, or to a high degree; very much; as, highly esteemed.
insert wood n. the solid material of which trees are made \ (a.) Mad; insane; possessed; rabid; furious; frantic. \ (v. i.) To grow mad; to act like a madman; to mad. \ (n.) A large and thick collection of trees; a forest or grove; -- frequently used in the plural. \ (n.) The substance of trees and the like; the hard fibrous substance which composes the body of a tree and its branches, and which is covered by the bark; timber. \ (n.) The fibrous material which makes up the greater part of the stems and branches of trees and shrubby plants, and is found to a less extent in herbaceous stems. It consists of elongated tubular or needle-shaped cells of various kinds, usually interwoven with the shinning bands called silver grain. \ (n.) Trees cut or sawed for the fire or other uses. \ (v. t.) To supply with wood, or get supplies of wood for; as, to wood a steamboat or a locomotive. \ (v. i.) To take or get a supply of wood.
insert chest (n.) A large box of wood, or other material, having, like a trunk, a lid, but no covering of skin, leather, or cloth. \ (n.) A coffin. \ (n.) The part of the body inclosed by the ribs and breastbone; the thorax. \ (n.) A case in which certain goods, as tea, opium, etc., are transported; hence, the quantity which such a case contains. \ (n.) A tight receptacle or box, usually for holding gas, steam, liquids; as, the steam chest of an engine; the wind chest of an organ. \ (v. i.) To deposit in a chest; to hoard. \ (v. i.) To place in a coffin. \ (n.) Strife; contention; controversy.
insert article (n.) A distinct portion of an instrument, discourse, literary work, or any other writing, consisting of two or more particulars, or treating of various topics; as, an article in the Constitution. Hence: A clause in a contract, system of regulations, treaty, or the like; a term, condition, or stipulation in a contract; a concise statement, articles of agreement. \ (n.) A literary composition, forming an independent portion of a magazine, newspaper, or cyclopedia. \ (n.) Subject; matter; concern; distinct. \ (n.) A distinct part. \ (n.) A particular one of various things, an article of merchandise; salt is a necessary article. \ (n.) Precise point of time; moment. \ (n.) One of the three words, a, an, the, used before nouns to limit or define their application. A (or an) is called the indefinite article, the the definite article. \ (n.) One of the segments of an articulated appendage. \ (n.) To formulate in articles; to set forth in distinct particulars. \ (n.) To accuse or charge by an exhibition of articles. \ (n.) To bind by articles of covenant or stipulation, to article an apprentice to a mechanic. \ (v. i.) To agree by articles; to stipulate; to bargain; to covenant.
insert childhood (n.) The state of being a child; the time in which persons are children; the condition or time from infancy to puberty. \ (n.) Children, taken collectively. \ (n.) The commencement; the first period.
insert include v. to have; to make a part of \ (v. t.) To confine within; to hold; to contain; to shut up; to inclose; as, the shell of a nut includes the kernel; a pearl is included in a shell. \ (v. t.) To comprehend or comprise, as a genus the species, the whole a part, an argument or reason the inference; to embrace, this volume of Shakespeare includes his sonnets; he was included in the invitation to the family; to and including page twenty-five. \ (v. t.) To conclude; to end; to terminate.
insert justice (a.) The quality of being just; conformity to the principles of righteousness and rectitude in all things; strict performance of moral obligations; practical conformity to human or divine law; integrity in the dealings of men with each other; rectitude; equity; uprightness. \ (a.) Conformity to truth and reality in expressing opinions and in conduct; fair representation of facts respecting merit or demerit; honesty; fidelity; impartiality; as, the justice of a description or of a judgment; historical justice. \ (a.) The rendering to every one his due or right; just treatment; requital of desert; merited reward or punishment; that which is due to one's conduct or motives. \ (a.) Agreeableness to right; justness, the justice of a claim. \ (a.) A person duly commissioned to hold courts, or to try and decide controversies and administer justice. \ (v. t.) To administer justice to.
insert throughout (prep.) Quite through; from one extremity to the other of; also, every part of; as, to search throughout the house. \ (adv.) In every part, the cloth was of a piece throughout.
insert extremely (adv.) In an extreme manner or state; in the utmost degree; to the utmost point; exceedingly; as, extremely hot or cold.
insert easy ad. not difficult; not hard to do \ (v. t.) At ease; free from pain, trouble, or constraint \ (v. t.) Free from pain, distress, toil, exertion, and the like; quiet; as, the patient is easy. \ (v. t.) Free from care, responsibility, discontent; not anxious; tranquil, an easy mind. \ (v. t.) Free from constraint, harshness, or formality; unconstrained; smooth, easy manners; an easy style. \ (v. t.) Not causing, or attended with, pain or disquiet, or much exertion; affording ease or rest, an easy carriage; a ship having an easy motion; easy movements, as in dancing. \ (v. t.) Not difficult; requiring little labor or effort; slight; inconsiderable, an easy task; an easy victory. \ (v. t.) Causing ease; giving freedom from care or labor; furnishing comfort; commodious, easy circumstances; an easy chair or cushion. \ (v. t.) Not making resistance or showing unwillingness; tractable; yielding; complying; ready. \ (v. t.) Moderate; sparing; frugal. \ (v. t.) Not straitened as to money matters, the market is easy; -- opposed to tight.
insert grandpa (n.) Alt. of Grandpapa
insert finally (adv.) At the end or conclusion; ultimately; lastly; as, the contest was long, but the Romans finally conquered. \ (adv.) Completely; beyond recovery.
insert ticket (v.) A small piece of paper, cardboard, or the like, serving as a notice, certificate, or distinguishing token of something. \ (v.) A little note or notice. \ (v.) A tradesman's bill or account. \ (v.) A certificate or token of right of admission to a place of assembly, or of passage in a public conveyance; as, a theater ticket; a railroad or steamboat ticket. \ (v.) A label to show the character or price of goods. \ (v.) A certificate or token of a share in a lottery or other scheme for distributing money, goods, or the like. \ (v.) A printed list of candidates to be voted for at an election; a set of nominations by one party for election; a ballot. \ (v. t.) To distinguish by a ticket; to put a ticket on, to ticket goods. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a tickets; to book, to ticket passengers to California.
insert jam (n.) A kind of frock for children. \ (n.) See Jamb. \ (v. t.) To press into a close or tight position; to crowd; to squeeze; to wedge in. \ (v. t.) To crush or bruise; as, to jam a finger in the crack of a door. \ (v. t.) To bring (a vessel) so close to the wind that half her upper sails are laid aback. \ (n.) A mass of people or objects crowded together; also, the pressure from a crowd; a crush, a jam in a street; a jam of logs in a river. \ (n.) An injury caused by jamming. \ (n.) A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
insert nobody (n.) No person; no one; not anybody. \ (n.) A person of no influence or importance; an insignificant or contemptible person.
insert floor n. the bottom part of a room for walking on ("The book fell to the floor."); the level of a building ("The fire was on the first floor.") \ (n.) The bottom or lower part of any room; the part upon which we stand and upon which the movables in the room are supported. \ (n.) The structure formed of beams, girders, etc., with proper covering, which divides a building horizontally into stories. Floor in sense 1 is, then, the upper surface of floor in sense 2. \ (n.) The surface, or the platform, of a structure on which we walk or travel; as, the floor of a bridge. \ (n.) A story of a building. See Story. \ (n.) The part of the house assigned to the members. \ (n.) The right to speak. \ (n.) That part of the bottom of a vessel on each side of the keelson which is most nearly horizontal. \ (n.) The rock underlying a stratified or nearly horizontal deposit. \ (n.) A horizontal, flat ore body. \ (v. t.) To cover with a floor; to furnish with a floor, to floor a house with pine boards. \ (v. t.) To strike down or lay level with the floor; to knock down; hence, to silence by a conclusive answer or retort, to floor an opponent. \ (v. t.) To finish or make an end of, to floor a college examination.
insert confidence (n.) The act of confiding, trusting, or putting faith in; trust; reliance; belief; -- formerly followed by of, now commonly by in. \ (n.) That in which faith is put or reliance had. \ (n.) The state of mind characterized by one's reliance on himself, or his circumstances; a feeling of self-sufficiency; such assurance as leads to a feeling of security; self-reliance; -- often with self prefixed. \ (n.) Private conversation; (pl.) secrets shared; as, there were confidences between them. \ (n.) Trustful; without fear or suspicion; frank; unreserved. \ (n.) Having self-reliance; bold; undaunted. \ (n.) Having an excess of assurance; bold to a fault; dogmatical; impudent; presumptuous. \ (n.) Giving occasion for confidence.
insert duty n. one's job or responsibility; what one must do because it is right and just \ (n.) That which is due; payment. \ (n.) That which a person is bound by moral obligation to do, or refrain from doing; that which one ought to do; service morally obligatory. \ (n.) Hence, any assigned service or business; as, the duties of a policeman, or a soldier; to be on duty. \ (n.) Specifically, obedience or submission due to parents and superiors. \ (n.) Respect; reverence; regard; act of respect; homage. \ (n.) The efficiency of an engine, especially a steam pumping engine, as measured by work done by a certain quantity of fuel; usually, the number of pounds of water lifted one foot by one bushel of coal (94 lbs. old standard), or by 1 cwt. (112 lbs., England, or 100 lbs., United States). \ (n.) Tax, toll, impost, or customs; excise; any sum of money required by government to be paid on the importation, exportation, or consumption of goods.
insert remember v. to think about the past; opposite forget \ (v. t.) To have ( a notion or idea) come into the mind again, as previously perceived, known, or felt; to have a renewed apprehension of; to bring to mind again; to think of again; to recollect; as, I remember the fact; he remembers the events of his childhood; I cannot remember dates. \ (v. t.) To be capable of recalling when required; to keep in mind; to be continually aware or thoughtful of; to preserve fresh in the memory; to attend to; to think of with gratitude, affection, respect, or any other emotion. \ (v. t.) To put in mind; to remind; -- also used reflexively and impersonally. \ (v. t.) To mention. \ (v. t.) To recall to the mind of another, as in the friendly messages, remember me to him, he wishes to be remembered to you, etc. \ (v. i.) To execise or have the power of memory, some remember better than others.
insert nephew (n.) A grandson or grandchild, or remoter lineal descendant. \ (n.) A cousin. \ (n.) The son of a brother or a sister, or of a brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
insert degree n. a measure of temperature \ (n.) A step, stair, or staircase. \ (n.) One of a series of progressive steps upward or downward, in quality, rank, acquirement, and the like; a stage in progression; grade; gradation; as, degrees of vice and virtue; to advance by slow degrees; degree of comparison. \ (n.) The point or step of progression to which a person has arrived; rank or station in life; position. \ (n.) Measure of advancement; quality; extent, tastes differ in kind as well as in degree. \ (n.) Grade or rank to which scholars are admitted by a college or university, in recognition of their attainments, the degree of bachelor of arts, master, doctor, etc. \ (n.) A certain distance or remove in the line of descent, determining the proximity of blood; one remove in the chain of relationship, a relation in the third or fourth degree. \ (n.) Three figures taken together in numeration; thus, 140 is one degree, 222,140 two degrees. \ (n.) State as indicated by sum of exponents; more particularly, the degree of a term is indicated by the sum of the exponents of its literal factors, a2b3c is a term of the sixth degree. The degree of a power, or radical, is denoted by its index, that of an equation by the greatest sum of the exponents of the unknown quantities in any term, ax4 + bx2 = c, and mx2y2 + nyx = p, are both equations of the fourth degree. \ (n.) A 360th part of the circumference of a circle, which part is taken as the principal unit of measure for arcs and angles. The degree is divided into 60 minutes and the minute into 60 seconds. \ (n.) A division, space, or interval, marked on a mathematical or other instrument, as on a thermometer. \ (n.) A line or space of the staff.
insert create v. to make; to give life or form to \ (a.) Created; composed; begotten. \ (v. t.) To bring into being; to form out of nothing; to cause to exist. \ (v. t.) To effect by the agency, and under the laws, of causation; to be the occasion of; to cause; to produce; to form or fashion; to renew. \ (v. t.) To invest with a new form, office, or character; to constitute; to appoint; to make; as, to create one a peer.
insert basic (a.) Relating to a base; performing the office of a base in a salt. \ (a.) Having the base in excess, or the amount of the base atomically greater than that of the acid, or exceeding in proportion that of the related neutral salt. \ (a.) Apparently alkaline, as certain normal salts which exhibit alkaline reactions with test paper. \ (a.) Said of crystalline rocks which contain a relatively low percentage of silica, as basalt.
insert prisoner (n.) One who is confined in a prison. \ (n.) A person under arrest, or in custody, whether in prison or not; a person held in involuntary restraint; a captive; as, a prisoner at the bar of a court.
insert hello (interj. & n.) See Halloo.
insert needless (a.) Having no need. \ (a.) Not wanted; unnecessary; not requiste; as, needless labor; needless expenses. \ (a.) Without sufficient cause; groundless; cuseless.
insert achieve (v. t.) To carry on to a final close; to bring out into a perfected state; to accomplish; to perform; -- as, to achieve a feat, an exploit, an enterprise. \ (v. t.) To obtain, or gain, as the result of exertion; to succeed in gaining; to win. \ (v. t.) To finish; to kill.
insert front n. the forward part; the opposite of back; the beginning; the first part \ (n.) The forehead or brow, the part of the face above the eyes; sometimes, also, the whole face. \ (n.) The forehead, countenance, or personal presence, as expressive of character or temper, and especially, of boldness of disposition, sometimes of impudence; seeming; as, a bold front; a hardened front. \ (n.) The part or surface of anything which seems to look out, or to be directed forward; the fore or forward part; the foremost rank; the van; -- the opposite to back or rear, the front of a house; the front of an army. \ (n.) A position directly before the face of a person, or before the foremost part of a thing, in front of un person, of the troops, or of a house. \ (n.) The most conspicuous part. \ (n.) That which covers the foremost part of the head: a front piece of false hair worn by women. \ (n.) The beginning. \ (a.) Of or relating to the front or forward part; having a position in front; foremost, a front view. \ (v. t.) To oppose face to face; to oppose directly; to meet in a hostile manner. \ (v. t.) To appear before; to meet. \ (v. t.) To face toward; to have the front toward; to confront, the house fronts the street. \ (v. t.) To stand opposed or opposite to, or over against as, his house fronts the church. \ (v. t.) To adorn in front; to supply a front to, to front a house with marble; to front a head with laurel. \ (v. t.) To have or turn the face or front in any direction, the house fronts toward the east. \ (n.) All the works along one side of the polygon inclosing the site which is fortified. \ (n.) The middle of the upper part of the tongue, -- the part of the tongue which is more or less raised toward the palate in the pronunciation of certain sounds, as the vowel i in machine, e in bed, and consonant y in you. See Guide to Pronunciation, /10. \ (n.) The call boy whose turn it is to answer the call, which is often the word "front," used as an exclamation.
insert palm (n.) The inner and somewhat concave part of the hand between the bases of the fingers and the wrist. \ (n.) A lineal measure equal either to the breadth of the hand or to its length from the wrist to the ends of the fingers; a hand; -- used in measuring a horse's height. \ (n.) A metallic disk, attached to a strap, and worn the palm of the hand, -- used to push the needle through the canvas, in sewing sails, etc. \ (n.) The broad flattened part of an antler, as of a full-grown fallow deer; -- so called as resembling the palm of the hand with its protruding fingers. \ (n.) The flat inner face of an anchor fluke. \ (n.) Any endogenous tree of the order Palmae or Palmaceae; a palm tree. \ (n.) A branch or leaf of the palm, anciently borne or worn as a symbol of victory or rejoicing. \ (n.) Any symbol or token of superiority, success, or triumph; also, victory; triumph; supremacy. \ (v. t.) To handle. \ (v. t.) To manipulate with, or conceal in, the palm of the hand; to juggle. \ (v. t.) To impose by fraud, as by sleight of hand; to put by unfair means; -- usually with off. \ (v. t.) To "grease the palm" of; to bribe or tip.
insert since prep. from a time in the past until now ("I have known her since we went to school together.") \ (adv.) From a definite past time until now; as, he went a month ago, and I have not seen him since. \ (adv.) In the time past, counting backward from the present; before this or now; ago. \ (adv.) When or that. \ (prep.) From the time of; in or during the time subsequent to; subsequently to; after; -- usually with a past event or time for the object. \ (conj.) Seeing that; because; considering; -- formerly followed by that.
insert merit (n.) The quality or state of deserving well or ill; desert. \ (n.) Esp. in a good sense: The quality or state of deserving well; worth; excellence. \ (n.) Reward deserved; any mark or token of excellence or approbation; as, his teacher gave him ten merits. \ (n.) To earn by service or performance; to have a right to claim as reward; to deserve; sometimes, to deserve in a bad sense, to merit punishment. \ (n.) To reward. \ (v. i.) To acquire desert; to gain value; to receive benefit; to profit.
insert intend (v. t.) To stretch' to extend; to distend. \ (v. t.) To strain; to make tense. \ (v. t.) To intensify; to strengthen. \ (v. t.) To apply with energy. \ (v. t.) To bend or turn; to direct, as one's course or journey. \ (v. t.) To fix the mind on; to attend to; to take care of; to superintend; to regard. \ (v. t.) To fix the mind upon (something to be accomplished); to be intent upon; to mean; to design; to plan; to purpose; -- often followed by an infinitely with to, or a dependent clause with that; as, he intends to go; he intends that she shall remain. \ (v. t.) To design mechanically or artistically; to fashion; to mold. \ (v. t.) To pretend; to counterfeit; to simulate.
insert reduce v. to make less or smaller in number, size or amount; to cut \ (n.) To bring or lead back to any former place or condition. \ (n.) To bring to any inferior state, with respect to rank, size, quantity, quality, value, etc.; to diminish; to lower; to degrade; to impair; as, to reduce a sergeant to the ranks; to reduce a drawing; to reduce expenses; to reduce the intensity of heat. \ (n.) To bring to terms; to humble; to conquer; to subdue; to capture, to reduce a province or a fort. \ (n.) To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding, pounding, kneading, rubbing, to reduce a substance to powder, or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit, wood, or paper rags, to pulp. \ (n.) To bring into a certain order, arrangement, classification; to bring under rules or within certain limits of descriptions and terms adapted to use in computation, to reduce animals or vegetables to a class or classes; to reduce a series of observations in astronomy; to reduce language to rules. \ (n.) To change, as numbers, from one denomination into another without altering their value, or from one denomination into others of the same value, to reduce pounds, shillings, and pence to pence, or to reduce pence to pounds; to reduce days and hours to minutes, or minutes to days and hours. \ (n.) To change the form of a quantity or expression without altering its value, to reduce fractions to their lowest terms, to a common denominator, etc. \ (n.) To bring to the metallic state by separating from impurities; hence, in general, to remove oxygen from; to deoxidize; to combine with, or to subject to the action of, hydrogen, ferric iron is reduced to ferrous iron; or metals are reduced from their ores; -- opposed to oxidize. \ (n.) To restore to its proper place or condition, as a displaced organ or part, to reduce a dislocation, a fracture, or a hernia.
insert responsible ad. having a duty or job to do ("He is responsible for preparing the report."); being the cause of ("They were responsible for the accident.") \ (a.) Liable to respond; likely to be called upon to answer; accountable; answerable; amenable; as, a guardian is responsible to the court for his conduct in the office. \ (a.) Able to respond or answer for one's conduct and obligations; trustworthy, financially or otherwise, to have a responsible man for surety. \ (a.) Involving responsibility; involving a degree of accountability on the part of the person concerned, a responsible office.
insert egg n. the rounded object containing unborn young produced by female birds, fish or reptiles; a single cell in a female person or animal that can develop into a baby \ (n.) The oval or roundish body laid by domestic poultry and other birds, tortoises, etc. It consists of a yolk, usually surrounded by the "white" or albumen, and inclosed in a shell or strong membrane. \ (n.) A simple cell, from the development of which the young of animals are formed; ovum; germ cell. \ (n.) Anything resembling an egg in form. \ (v. t.) To urge on; to instigate; to incite/
insert southern (a.) Of or pertaining to the south; situated in, or proceeding from, the south; situated or proceeding toward the south. \ (n.) A Southerner.
insert cent (n.) A hundred; as, ten per cent, the proportion of ten parts in a hundred. \ (n.) A United States coin, the hundredth part of a dollar, formerly made of copper, now of copper, tin, and zinc. \ (n.) An old game at cards, supposed to be like piquet; -- so called because 100 points won the game.
insert bright ad. giving much light; strong and clear in color \ (v. i.) See Brite, v. i. \ (a.) Radiating or reflecting light; shedding or having much light; shining; luminous; not dark. \ (a.) Transmitting light; clear; transparent. \ (a.) Having qualities that render conspicuous or attractive, or that affect the mind as light does the eye; resplendent with charms; as, bright beauty. \ (a.) Having a clear, quick intellect; intelligent. \ (a.) Sparkling with wit; lively; vivacious; shedding cheerfulness and joy around; cheerful; cheery. \ (a.) Illustrious; glorious. \ (a.) Manifest to the mind, as light is to the eyes; evident; plain. \ (a.) Of brilliant color; of lively hue or appearance. \ (n.) Splendor; brightness. \ (adv.) Brightly. \ (v. t.) To be or become overripe, as wheat, barley, or hops.
insert entirely (adv.) In an entire manner; wholly; completely; fully; as, the trace is entirely lost. \ (adv.) Without alloy or mixture; truly; sincerely.
insert wind n. a strong movement of air \ (v. t.) To turn completely, or with repeated turns; especially, to turn about something fixed; to cause to form convolutions about anything; to coil; to twine; to twist; to wreathe; as, to wind thread on a spool or into a ball. \ (v. t.) To entwist; to infold; to encircle. \ (v. t.) To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter or will; to regulate; to govern. \ (v. t.) To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate. \ (v. t.) To cover or surround with something coiled about, to wind a rope with twine. \ (v. i.) To turn completely or repeatedly; to become coiled about anything; to assume a convolved or spiral form, vines wind round a pole. \ (v. i.) To have a circular course or direction; to crook; to bend; to meander, to wind in and out among trees. \ (v. i.) To go to the one side or the other; to move this way and that; to double on one's course, a hare pursued turns and winds. \ (n.) The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist; a winding. \ (n.) Air naturally in motion with any degree of velocity; a current of air. \ (n.) Air artificially put in motion by any force or action, the wind of a cannon ball; the wind of a bellows. \ (n.) Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs, or by an instrument. \ (n.) Power of respiration; breath. \ (n.) Air or gas generated in the stomach or bowels; flatulence, to be troubled with wind. \ (n.) Air impregnated with an odor or scent. \ (n.) A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass, one of the cardinal points, which are often called the four winds. \ (n.) A disease of sheep, in which the intestines are distended with air, or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing. \ (n.) Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words. \ (n.) The dotterel. \ (v. t.) To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate. \ (v. t.) To perceive or follow by the scent; to scent; to nose, the hounds winded the game. \ (v. t.) To drive hard, or force to violent exertion, as a horse, so as to render scant of wind; to put out of breath. \ (v. t.) To rest, in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe. \ (v. t.) To blow; to sound by blowing; esp., to sound with prolonged and mutually involved notes. \ (n.) The region of the pit of the stomach, where a blow may paralyze the diaphragm and cause temporary loss of breath or other injury; the mark.
insert completely (adv.) In a complete manner; fully.
insert nowhere ad. not in, to or at any place \ (adv.) Not anywhere; not in any place or state; as, the book is nowhere to be found.
insert deeply (adv.) At or to a great depth; far below the surface; as, to sink deeply. \ (adv.) Profoundly; thoroughly; not superficially; in a high degree; intensely, deeply skilled in ethics. \ (adv.) Very; with a tendency to darkness of color. \ (adv.) Gravely; with low or deep tone, a deeply toned instrument. \ (adv.) With profound skill; with art or intricacy, a deeply laid plot or intrigue.
insert spider (n.) Any one of numerous species of arachnids comprising the order Araneina. Spiders have the mandibles converted into poison fangs, or falcers. The abdomen is large and not segmented, with two or three pairs of spinnerets near the end, by means of which they spin threads of silk to form cocoons, or nests, to protect their eggs and young. Many species spin also complex webs to entrap the insects upon which they prey. The eyes are usually eight in number (rarely six), and are situated on the back of the cephalothorax. See Illust. under Araneina. \ (n.) Any one of various other arachnids resembling the true spiders, especially certain mites, as the red spider (see under Red). \ (n.) An iron pan with a long handle, used as a kitchen utensil in frying food. Originally, it had long legs, and was used over coals on the hearth. \ (n.) A trevet to support pans or pots over a fire. \ (n.) A skeleton, or frame, having radiating arms or members, often connected by crosspieces; as, a casting forming the hub and spokes to which the rim of a fly wheel or large gear is bolted; the body of a piston head; a frame for strengthening a core or mold for a casting, etc.
insert shoulder (n.) The joint, or the region of the joint, by which the fore limb is connected with the body or with the shoulder girdle; the projection formed by the bones and muscles about that joint. \ (n.) The flesh and muscles connected with the shoulder joint; the upper part of the back; that part of the human frame on which it is most easy to carry a heavy burden; -- often used in the plural. \ (n.) Fig.: That which supports or sustains; support. \ (n.) That which resembles a human shoulder, as any protuberance or projection from the body of a thing. \ (n.) The upper joint of the fore leg and adjacent parts of an animal, dressed for market; as, a shoulder of mutton. \ (n.) The angle of a bastion included between the face and flank. See Illust. of Bastion. \ (n.) An abrupt projection which forms an abutment on an object, or limits motion, etc., as the projection around a tenon at the end of a piece of timber, the part of the top of a type which projects beyond the base of the raised character, etc. \ (v. t.) To push or thrust with the shoulder; to push with violence; to jostle. \ (v. t.) To take upon the shoulder or shoulders, to shoulder a basket; hence, to assume the burden or responsibility of, to shoulder blame; to shoulder a debt. \ (v. i.) To push with the shoulder; to make one's way, as through a crowd, by using the shoulders; to move swaying the shoulders from side to side.
insert tight of Tie \ p. p. of Tie. \ (superl.) Firmly held together; compact; not loose or open; as, tight cloth; a tight knot. \ (superl.) Close, so as not to admit the passage of a liquid or other fluid; not leaky, a tight ship; a tight cask; a tight room; -- often used in this sense as the second member of a compound, water-tight; air-tight. \ (superl.) Fitting close, or too close, to the body, a tight coat or other garment. \ (superl.) Not ragged; whole; neat; tidy. \ (superl.) Close; parsimonious; saving, a man tight in his dealings. \ (superl.) Not slack or loose; firmly stretched; taut; -- applied to a rope, chain, or the like, extended or stretched out. \ (superl.) Handy; adroit; brisk. \ (superl.) Somewhat intoxicated; tipsy. \ (superl.) Pressing; stringent; not easy; firmly held; dear; -- said of money or the money market. Cf. Easy, 7. \ (v. t.) To tighten.
insert worker (n.) One who, or that which, works; a laborer; a performer; as, a worker in brass. \ (n.) One of the neuter, or sterile, individuals of the social ants, bees, and white ants. The workers are generally females having the sexual organs imperfectly developed. See Ant, and White ant, under White.
insert circus (n.) A level oblong space surrounded on three sides by seats of wood, earth, or stone, rising in tiers one above another, and divided lengthwise through the middle by a barrier around which the track or course was laid out. It was used for chariot races, games, and public shows. \ (n.) A circular inclosure for the exhibition of feats of horsemanship, acrobatic displays, etc. Also, the company of performers, with their equipage. \ (n.) Circuit; space; inclosure.
insert lazy (superl.) Disinclined to action or exertion; averse to labor; idle; shirking work. \ (superl.) Inactive; slothful; slow; sluggish; as, a lazy stream. \ (superl.) Wicked; vicious.
insert crush v. to damage or destroy by great weight; to defeat completely \ (v. t.) To press or bruise between two hard bodies; to squeeze, so as to destroy the natural shape or integrity of the parts, or to force together into a mass; as, to crush grapes. \ (v. t.) To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding; to comminute, to crush quartz. \ (v. t.) To overwhelm by pressure or weight; to beat or force down, as by an incumbent weight. \ (v. t.) To oppress or burden grievously. \ (v. t.) To overcome completely; to subdue totally. \ (v. i.) To be or become broken down or in, or pressed into a smaller compass, by external weight or force, an eggshell crushes easily. \ (n.) A violent collision or compression; a crash; destruction; ruin. \ (n.) Violent pressure, as of a crowd; a crowd which produced uncomfortable pressure, a crush at a peception.
insert lecture (n.) The act of reading; as, the lecture of Holy Scripture. \ (n.) A discourse on any subject; especially, a formal or methodical discourse, intended for instruction; sometimes, a familiar discourse, in contrast with a sermon. \ (n.) A reprimand or formal reproof from one having authority. \ (n.) A rehearsal of a lesson. \ (v. t.) To read or deliver a lecture to. \ (v. t.) To reprove formally and with authority. \ (v. i.) To deliver a lecture or lectures.
insert improve v. to make better; to become better \ (v. t.) To disprove or make void; to refute. \ (v. t.) To disapprove; to find fault with; to reprove; to censure; as, to improve negligence. \ (v. t.) To make better; to increase the value or good qualities of; to ameliorate by care or cultivation, to improve land. \ (v. t.) To use or employ to good purpose; to make productive; to turn to profitable account; to utilize, to improve one's time; to improve his means. \ (v. t.) To advance or increase by use; to augment or add to; -- said with reference to what is bad. \ (v. i.) To grow better; to advance or make progress in what is desirable; to make or show improvement, to improve in health. \ (v. i.) To advance or progress in bad qualities; to grow worse. \ (v. i.) To increase; to be enhanced; to rise in value, the price of cotton improves.
insert technology n. the use of scientific knowledge and methods to produce goods and services \ (n.) Industrial science; the science of systematic knowledge of the industrial arts, especially of the more important manufactures, as spinning, weaving, metallurgy, etc.
insert chimpanzee (n.) An african ape (Anthropithecus troglodytes or Troglodytes niger) which approaches more nearly to man, in most respects, than any other ape. When full grown, it is from three to four feet high.
insert passenger n. a person travelling by airplane, train, boat or car who is not the pilot or driver \ (n.) A passer or passer-by; a wayfarer. \ (n.) A traveler by some established conveyance, as a coach, steamboat, railroad train, etc.
insert life n. the time between being born and dying; opposite death; all living things \ (n.) The state of being which begins with generation, birth, or germination, and ends with death; also, the time during which this state continues; that state of an animal or plant in which all or any of its organs are capable of performing all or any of their functions; -- used of all animal and vegetable organisms. \ (n.) Of human beings: The union of the soul and body, the duration of their union; sometimes, the deathless quality or existence of the soul; as, man is a creature having an immortal life. \ (n.) The potential principle, or force, by which the organs of animals and plants are started and continued in the performance of their several and cooperative functions; the vital force, whether regarded as physical or spiritual. \ (n.) Figuratively: The potential or animating principle, the period of duration, of anything that is conceived of as resembling a natural organism in structure or functions, the life of a state, a machine, or a book; authority is the life of government. \ (n.) A certain way or manner of living with respect to conditions, circumstances, character, conduct, occupation, etc.; hence, human affairs, lives, considered collectively, as a distinct class or type, low life; a good or evil life; the life of Indians, or of miners. \ (n.) Animation; spirit; vivacity; vigor; energy. \ (n.) That which imparts or excites spirit or vigor; that upon which enjoyment or success depends, he was the life of the company, or of the enterprise. \ (n.) The living or actual form, person, thing, or state, a picture or a description from the life. \ (n.) A person; a living being, usually a human being, many lives were sacrificed. \ (n.) The system of animal nature; animals in general, or considered collectively. \ (n.) An essential constituent of life, esp. the blood. \ (n.) A history of the acts and events of a life; a biography, Johnson wrote the life of Milton. \ (n.) Enjoyment in the right use of the powers; especially, a spiritual existence; happiness in the favor of God; heavenly felicity. \ (n.) Something dear to one as one's existence; a darling; -- used as a term of endearment.
insert perfect ad. complete or correct in every way; completely right or good; without mistakes \ (a.) Brought to consummation or completeness; completed; not defective nor redundant; having all the properties or qualities requisite to its nature and kind; without flaw, fault, or blemish; without error; mature; whole; pure; sound; right; correct. \ (a.) Well informed; certain; sure. \ (a.) Hermaphrodite; having both stamens and pistils; -- said of flower. \ (n.) The perfect tense, or a form in that tense. \ (a.) To make perfect; to finish or complete, so as to leave nothing wanting; to give to anything all that is requisite to its nature and kind.
insert element one of more than 100 substances known to science that cannot be separated into other substances \ (n.) One of the simplest or essential parts or principles of which anything consists, or upon which the constitution or fundamental powers of anything are based. \ (n.) One of the ultimate, undecomposable constituents of any kind of matter. Specifically: (Chem.) A substance which cannot be decomposed into different kinds of matter by any means at present employed; as, the elements of water are oxygen and hydrogen. \ (n.) One of the ultimate parts which are variously combined in anything, letters are the elements of written language; hence, also, a simple portion of that which is complex, as a shaft, lever, wheel, or any simple part in a machine; one of the essential ingredients of any mixture; a constituent part, quartz, feldspar, and mica are the elements of granite. \ (n.) One out of several parts combined in a system of aggregation, when each is of the nature of the whole, a single cell is an element of the honeycomb. \ (n.) One of the smallest natural divisions of the organism, as a blood corpuscle, a muscular fiber. \ (n.) One of the simplest essential parts, more commonly called cells, of which animal and vegetable organisms, or their tissues and organs, are composed. \ (n.) An infinitesimal part of anything of the same nature as the entire magnitude considered, in a solid an element may be the infinitesimal portion between any two planes that are separated an indefinitely small distance. In the calculus, element is sometimes used as synonymous with differential. \ (n.) Sometimes a curve, or surface, or volume is considered as described by a moving point, or curve, the latter being at any instant called an element of the former. \ (n.) One of the terms in an algebraic expression. \ (n.) One of the necessary data or values upon which a system of calculations depends, or general conclusions are based, the elements of a planet's orbit. \ (n.) The simplest or fundamental principles of any system in philosophy, science, or art; rudiments, the elements of geometry, or of music. \ (n.) Any outline or sketch, regarded as containing the fundamental ideas or features of the thing in question, the elements of a plan. \ (n.) One of the simple substances, as supposed by the ancient philosophers; one of the imaginary principles of matter. \ (n.) The four elements were, air, earth, water, and fire \ (n.) the conditions and movements of the air. \ (n.) The elements of the alchemists were salt, sulphur, and mercury. \ (n.) The whole material composing the world. \ (n.) The bread and wine used in the eucharist or Lord's supper. \ (v. t.) To compound of elements or first principles. \ (v. t.) To constitute; to make up with elements.
insert garage (n.) A place for housing automobiles. \ (n.) A shed for housing an airship or flying machine; a hangar. \ (n.) A side way or space in a canal to enable vessels to pass each other; a siding. \ (v. t.) To keep in a garage.
insert wire n. a long, thin piece of metal used to hang objects or to carry electricity or electronic communications from one place to another \ (n.) A thread or slender rod of metal; a metallic substance formed to an even thread by being passed between grooved rollers, or drawn through holes in a plate of steel. \ (n.) A telegraph wire or cable; hence, an electric telegraph; as, to send a message by wire. \ (v. t.) To bind with wire; to attach with wires; to apply wire to, to wire corks in bottling liquors. \ (v. t.) To put upon a wire, to wire beads. \ (v. t.) To snare by means of a wire or wires. \ (v. t.) To send (a message) by telegraph. \ (v. i.) To pass like a wire; to flow in a wirelike form, or in a tenuous stream. \ (v. i.) To send a telegraphic message. \ (n.) The system of wires used to operate the puppets in a puppet show; \ (n.) the network of hidden influences controlling the action of a person or organization, to pull the wires for office. \ (n.) One who picks women's pockets. \ (n.) A knitting needle. \ (n.) A wire stretching across over a race track at the judges' stand, to mark the line at which the races end. \ (v. t.) To place (a ball) so that the wire of a wicket prevents a successful shot.
insert leaf (n.) A colored, usually green, expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock, in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage. \ (n.) A special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem, whether appearing as a part of the foliage, or as a cotyledon, a scale, a bract, a spine, or a tendril. \ (n.) Something which is like a leaf in being wide and thin and having a flat surface, or in being attached to a larger body by one edge or end; as : (a) A part of a book or folded sheet containing two pages upon its opposite sides. (b) A side, division, or part, that slides or is hinged, as of window shutters, folding doors, etc. (c) The movable side of a table. (d) A very thin plate; as, gold leaf. (e) A portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer. (f) One of the teeth of a pinion, especially when small. \ (v. i.) To shoot out leaves; to produce leaves; to leave, the trees leaf in May.
insert teacup (n.) A small cup from which to drink tea.
insert shoe n. a covering for the foot \ (n.) A covering for the human foot, usually made of leather, having a thick and somewhat stiff sole and a lighter top. It differs from a boot on not extending so far up the leg. \ (n.) Anything resembling a shoe in form, position, or use. \ (n.) A plate or rim of iron nailed to the hoof of an animal to defend it from injury. \ (n.) A band of iron or steel, or a ship of wood, fastened to the bottom of the runner of a sleigh, or any vehicle which slides on the snow. \ (n.) A drag, or sliding piece of wood or iron, placed under the wheel of a loaded vehicle, to retard its motion in going down a hill. \ (n.) The part of a railroad car brake which presses upon the wheel to retard its motion. \ (n.) A trough-shaped or spout-shaped member, put at the bottom of the water leader coming from the eaves gutter, so as to throw the water off from the building. \ (n.) The trough or spout for conveying the grain from the hopper to the eye of the millstone. \ (n.) An inclined trough in an ore-crushing mill. \ (n.) An iron socket or plate to take the thrust of a strut or rafter. \ (n.) An iron socket to protect the point of a wooden pile. \ (n.) A plate, or notched piece, interposed between a moving part and the stationary part on which it bears, to take the wear and afford means of adjustment; -- called also slipper, and gib. \ (n.) To furnish with a shoe or shoes; to put a shoe or shoes on; as, to shoe a horse, a sled, an anchor. \ (n.) To protect or ornament with something which serves the purpose of a shoe; to tip. \ (n.) The outer cover or tread of a pneumatic tire, esp. for an automobile.
insert occasion (n.) A falling out, happening, or coming to pass; hence, that which falls out or happens; occurrence; incident. \ (n.) A favorable opportunity; a convenient or timely chance; convenience. \ (n.) An occurrence or condition of affairs which brings with it some unlooked-for event; that which incidentally brings to pass an event, without being its efficient cause or sufficient reason; accidental or incidental cause. \ (n.) Need; exigency; requirement; necessity; as, I have no occasion for firearms. \ (n.) A reason or excuse; a motive; a persuasion. \ (v. t.) To give occasion to; to cause; to produce; to induce, to occasion anxiety.
insert greeting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Greet \ (n.) Expression of kindness or joy; salutation at meeting; a compliment from one absent.
insert perfectly (adv.) In a perfect manner or degree; in or to perfection; completely; wholly; throughly; faultlessly.
insert also ad. added to; too \ (adv. & conj.) In like manner; likewise. \ (adv. & conj.) In addition; besides; as well; further; too. \ (adv. & conj.) Even as; as; so.
insert mixer (n.) One who, or that which, mixes. \ (n.) A person who has social intercourse with others of many sorts; a person viewed as to his casual sociability; -- commonly used with some characterizing adjective; as, a good mixer; a bad mixer.
insert singer (n.) One who, or that which, singes. \ (n.) One employed to singe cloth. \ (n.) A machine for singeing cloth. \ (n.) One who sings; especially, one whose profession is to sing.
insert want v. to desire; to wish for; to need \ (v. i.) The state of not having; the condition of being without anything; absence or scarcity of what is needed or desired; deficiency; lack; as, a want of power or knowledge for any purpose; want of food and clothing. \ (v. i.) Specifically, absence or lack of necessaries; destitution; poverty; penury; indigence; need. \ (v. i.) That which is needed or desired; a thing of which the loss is felt; what is not possessed, and is necessary for use or pleasure. \ (v. i.) A depression in coal strata, hollowed out before the subsequent deposition took place. \ (v. t.) To be without; to be destitute of, or deficient in; not to have; to lack, to want knowledge; to want judgment; to want learning; to want food and clothing. \ (v. t.) To have occasion for, as useful, proper, or requisite; to require; to need, in winter we want a fire; in summer we want cooling breezes. \ (v. t.) To feel need of; to wish or long for; to desire; to crave. \ (v. i.) To be absent; to be deficient or lacking; to fail; not to be sufficient; to fall or come short; -- often used impersonally with of, it wants ten minutes of four. \ (v. i.) To be in a state of destitution; to be needy; to lack.
insert obvious (a.) Opposing; fronting. \ (a.) Exposed; subject; open; liable. \ (a.) Easily discovered, seen, or understood; readily perceived by the eye or the intellect; plain; evident; apparent; as, an obvious meaning; an obvious remark.
insert pretty (superl.) Pleasing by delicacy or grace; attracting, but not striking or impressing; of a pleasing and attractive form a color; having slight or diminutive beauty; neat or elegant without elevation or grandeur; pleasingly, but not grandly, conceived or expressed; as, a pretty face; a pretty flower; a pretty poem. \ (superl.) Moderately large; considerable, he had saved a pretty fortune. \ (superl.) Affectedly nice; foppish; -- used in an ill sense. \ (superl.) Mean; despicable; contemptible; -- used ironically, a pretty trick; a pretty fellow. \ (superl.) Stout; strong and brave; intrepid; valiant. \ (adv.) In some degree; moderately; considerably; rather; almost; -- less emphatic than very, I am pretty sure of the fact; pretty cold weather.
insert membership (n.) The state of being a member. \ (n.) The collective body of members, as of a society.
insert paid (imp., p. p., & a.) Receiving pay; compensated; hired; as, a paid attorney. \ (imp., p. p., & a.) Satisfied; contented. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Pay
insert they pro. those ones being spoken about \ (obj.) The plural of he, she, or it. They is never used adjectively, but always as a pronoun proper, and sometimes refers to persons without an antecedent expressed.
insert quick ad. fast \ (superl.) Alive; living; animate; -- opposed to dead or inanimate. \ (superl.) Characterized by life or liveliness; animated; sprightly; agile; brisk; ready. \ (superl.) Speedy; hasty; swift; not slow; as, be quick. \ (superl.) Impatient; passionate; eager; sharp; unceremonious, a quick temper. \ (superl.) Fresh; bracing; keen. \ (superl.) Sensitive; perceptive in a high degree; ready, a quick ear. \ (superl.) Pregnant; with child. \ (adv.) In a quick manner; quickly; promptly; rapidly; with haste; speedily; without delay, run quick; get back quick. \ (n.) That which is quick, or alive; a living animal or plant; especially, the hawthorn, or other plants used in making a living hedge. \ (n.) The life; the mortal point; a vital part; a part susceptible of serious injury or keen feeling; the sensitive living flesh; the part of a finger or toe to which the nail is attached; the tender emotions, to cut a finger nail to the quick; to thrust a sword to the quick, to taunt one to the quick; -- used figuratively. \ (n.) Quitch grass. \ (v. t. & i.) To revive; to quicken; to be or become alive.
insert he pro. the boy or man who is being spoken about \ (obj.) The man or male being (or object personified to which the masculine gender is assigned), previously designated; a pronoun of the masculine gender, usually referring to a specified subject already indicated. \ (obj.) Any one; the man or person; -- used indefinitely, and usually followed by a relative pronoun. \ (obj.) Man; a male; any male person; -- in this sense used substantively.
insert actually (adv.) Actively. \ (adv.) In act or in fact; really; in truth; positively.
insert slope (v. i.) An oblique direction; a line or direction including from a horizontal line or direction; also, sometimes, an inclination, as of one line or surface to another. \ (v. i.) Any ground whose surface forms an angle with the plane of the horizon. \ (a.) Sloping. \ (adv.) In a sloping manner. \ (v. t.) To form with a slope; to give an oblique or slanting direction to; to direct obliquely; to incline; to slant; as, to slope the ground in a garden; to slope a piece of cloth in cutting a garment. \ (v. i.) To take an oblique direction; to be at an angle with the plane of the horizon, the ground slopes. \ (v. i.) To depart; to disappear suddenly. \ (n.) The part of a continent descending toward, and draining to, a particular ocean, the Pacific slope.
insert disappear v. to become unseen; to no longer exist \ (v. i.) To cease to appear or to be perceived; to pass from view, gradually or suddenly; to vanish; to be no longer seen; as, darkness disappears at the approach of light; a ship disappears as she sails from port. \ (v. i.) To cease to be or exist, the epidemic has disappeared.
insert usual ad. as is normal or common; as is most often done, seen or heard \ (n.) Such as is in common use; such as occurs in ordinary practice, or in the ordinary course of events; customary; ordinary; habitual; common.
insert structure n. the way something is built, made or organized; a system that is formed or organized in a special way; a building \ (n.) The act of building; the practice of erecting buildings; construction. \ (n.) Manner of building; form; make; construction. \ (n.) Arrangement of parts, of organs, or of constituent particles, in a substance or body; as, the structure of a rock or a mineral; the structure of a sentence. \ (n.) Manner of organization; the arrangement of the different tissues or parts of animal and vegetable organisms, organic structure, or the structure of animals and plants; cellular structure. \ (n.) That which is built; a building; esp., a building of some size or magnificence; an edifice.
insert director (n.) One who, or that which, directs; one who regulates, guides, or orders; a manager or superintendent. \ (n.) One of a body of persons appointed to manage the affairs of a company or corporation; as, the directors of a bank, insurance company, or railroad company. \ (n.) A part of a machine or instrument which directs its motion or action. \ (n.) A slender grooved instrument upon which a knife is made to slide when it is wished to limit the extent of motion of the latter, or prevent its injuring the parts beneath.
insert piece n. a part of something larger \ (n.) A fragment or part of anything separated from the whole, in any manner, as by cutting, splitting, breaking, or tearing; a part; a portion; as, a piece of sugar; to break in pieces. \ (n.) A definite portion or quantity, as of goods or work, a piece of broadcloth; a piece of wall paper. \ (n.) Any one thing conceived of as apart from other things of the same kind; an individual article; a distinct single effort of a series; a definite performance \ (n.) A literary or artistic composition, a piece of poetry, music, or statuary. \ (n.) A musket, gun, or cannon, a battery of six pieces; a following piece. \ (n.) A coin, a sixpenny piece; -- formerly applied specifically to an English gold coin worth 22 shillings. \ (n.) A fact; an item, a piece of news; a piece of knowledge. \ (n.) An individual; -- applied to a person as being of a certain nature or quality; often, but not always, used slightingly or in contempt. \ (n.) One of the superior men, distinguished from a pawn. \ (n.) A castle; a fortified building. \ (v. t.) To make, enlarge, or repair, by the addition of a piece or pieces; to patch, to piece a garment; -- often with out. \ (v. t.) To unite; to join; to combine. \ (v. i.) To unite by a coalescence of parts; to fit together; to join.
insert for prep. because of ("He is famous for his work."); in exchange ("Give me one dollar for the book."); through space or time ("They travelled for one hour."); representative of ("I speak for all people."); to be employed by ("She works for a computer company.") \ (prep.) In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of, in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes place. \ (prep.) Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state; the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is done. \ (prep.) Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is done. \ (prep.) Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; -- opposed to against. \ (prep.) Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed, or the point toward which motion is made; /ntending to go to. \ (prep.) Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation, or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of. \ (prep.) Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is regarded or treated; to be, or as being. \ (prep.) Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done, occurs, or is, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; -- generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc. \ (prep.) Indicating the space or time through which an action or state extends, during; in or through the space or time of. \ (prep.) Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which, anything is done. \ (conj.) Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the reason of anything. \ (conj.) Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced, a cause, motive, explanation, justification, of an action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what has gone before. \ (n.) One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side; that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it.
insert sixteenth (a.) Sixth after the tenth; next in order after the fifteenth. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of sixteen equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by sixteen; one of sixteen equal parts of one whole. \ (n.) The next in order after the fifteenth; the sixth after the tenth. \ (n.) An interval comprising two octaves and a second.
insert koala (n.) A tailless marsupial (Phascolarctos cinereus), found in Australia. The female carries her young on the back of her neck. Called also Australian bear, native bear, and native sloth.
insert do v. to act; to make an effort \ (n.) A syllable attached to the first tone of the major diatonic scale for the purpose of solmization, or solfeggio. It is the first of the seven syllables used by the Italians as manes of musical tones, and replaced, for the sake of euphony, the syllable Ut, applied to the note C. In England and America the same syllables are used by mane as a scale pattern, while the tones in respect to absolute pitch are named from the first seven letters of the alphabet. \ (v. i.) To act or behave in any manner; to conduct one's self. \ (v. i.) To fare; to be, as regards health; as, they asked him how he did; how do you do to-day? \ (v. i.) To succeed; to avail; to answer the purpose; to serve, if no better plan can be found, he will make this do. \ (n.) Deed; act; fear. \ (n.) Ado; bustle; stir; to do. \ (n.) A cheat; a swindle. \ (v. t.) To perform work upon, about, for, or at, by way of caring for, looking after, preparing, cleaning, keeping in order, or the like. \ (v. t.) To deal with for good and all; to finish up; to undo; to ruin; to do for. / auxiliary) To place; to put. / auxiliary) To cause; to make; -- with an infinitive. / auxiliary) To bring about; to produce, as an effect or result; to effect; to achieve. / auxiliary) To perform, as an action; to execute; to transact to carry out in action; as, to do a good or a bad act; do our duty; to do what I can. / auxiliary) To bring to an end by action; to perform completely; to finish; to accomplish; -- a sense conveyed by the construction, which is that of the past participle done. / auxiliary) To make ready for an object, purpose, or use, as food by cooking; to cook completely or sufficiently; as, the meat is done on one side only. / auxiliary) To put or bring into a form, state, or condition, especially in the phrases, to do death, to put to death; to slay; to do away (often do away with), to put away; to remove; to do on, to put on; to don; to do off, to take off, as dress; to doff; to do into, to put into the form of; to translate or transform into, as a text. / auxiliary) To cheat; to gull; to overreach. / auxiliary) To see or inspect; to explore; as, to do all the points of interest. / auxiliary) To cash or to advance money for, as a bill or note.
insert underground (n.) The place or space beneath the surface of the ground; subterranean space. \ (a.) Being below the surface of the ground; as, an underground story or apartment. \ (a.) Done or occurring out of sight; secret. \ (adv.) Beneath the surface of the earth.
insert request v. to ask for; n. the act of asking for \ (n.) The act of asking for anything desired; expression of desire or demand; solicitation; prayer; petition; entreaty. \ (n.) That which is asked for or requested. \ (n.) A state of being desired or held in such estimation as to be sought after or asked for; demand. \ (v. t.) To ask for (something); to express desire ffor; to solicit; as, to request his presence, or a favor. \ (v. t.) To address with a request; to ask.
insert that ad. showing the person, place or thing being spoken about ("That man is a soldier."); pro. the person, place or thing being spoken about ("The building that I saw was very large.") \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out, or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the basket are good apples. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the pronoun, but is followed by a noun. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a demonstrative pronoun. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in that, for the reason that, because. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually preceded by so or such, sometimes by that. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like. \ (pron., a., conj., & adv.) As adverb: To such a degree; so, he was that frightened he could say nothing.
insert elephant (n.) A mammal of the order Proboscidia, of which two living species, Elephas Indicus and E. Africanus, and several fossil species, are known. They have a proboscis or trunk, and two large ivory tusks proceeding from the extremity of the upper jaw, and curving upwards. The molar teeth are large and have transverse folds. Elephants are the largest land animals now existing. \ (n.) Ivory; the tusk of the elephant.
insert foolish (a.) Marked with, or exhibiting, folly; void of understanding; weak in intellect; without judgment or discretion; silly; unwise. \ (a.) Such as a fool would do; proceeding from weakness of mind or silliness; exhibiting a want of judgment or discretion; as, a foolish act. \ (a.) Absurd; ridiculous; despicable; contemptible.
insert establish v. to bring into existence; to create \ (a.) To make stable or firm; to fix immovably or firmly; to set (a thing) in a place and make it stable there; to settle; to confirm. \ (a.) To appoint or constitute for permanence, as officers, laws, regulations, etc.; to enact; to ordain. \ (a.) To originate and secure the permanent existence of; to found; to institute; to create and regulate; -- said of a colony, a state, or other institutions. \ (a.) To secure public recognition in favor of; to prove and cause to be accepted as true; as, to establish a fact, usage, principle, opinion, doctrine, etc. \ (a.) To set up in business; to place advantageously in a fixed condition; -- used reflexively, he established himself in a place; the enemy established themselves in the citadel.
insert plane (n.) Any tree of the genus Platanus. \ (a.) Without elevations or depressions; even; level; flat; lying in, or constituting, a plane; as, a plane surface. \ (a.) A surface, real or imaginary, in which, if any two points are taken, the straight line which joins them lies wholly in that surface; or a surface, any section of which by a like surface is a straight line; a surface without curvature. \ (a.) An ideal surface, conceived as coinciding with, or containing, some designated astronomical line, circle, or other curve, the plane of an orbit; the plane of the ecliptic, or of the equator. \ (a.) A block or plate having a perfectly flat surface, used as a standard of flatness; a surface plate. \ (a.) A tool for smoothing boards or other surfaces of wood, for forming moldings, etc. It consists of a smooth-soled stock, usually of wood, from the under side or face of which projects slightly the steel cutting edge of a chisel, called the iron, which inclines backward, with an apperture in front for the escape of shavings, the jack plane; the smoothing plane; the molding plane, etc. \ (a.) To make smooth; to level; to pare off the inequalities of the surface of, as of a board or other piece of wood, by the use of a plane, to plane a plank. \ (a.) To efface or remove. \ (a.) Figuratively, to make plain or smooth. \ (v. i.) Of a boat, to lift more or less out of the water while in motion, after the manner of a hydroplane; to hydroplane.
insert atom a very small part of all things; the smallest part of an element that can join with parts of other elements \ (n.) An ultimate indivisible particle of matter. \ (n.) An ultimate particle of matter not necessarily indivisible; a molecule. \ (n.) A constituent particle of matter, or a molecule supposed to be made up of subordinate particles. \ (n.) The smallest particle of matter that can enter into combination; one of the elementary constituents of a molecule. \ (n.) Anything extremely small; a particle; a whit. \ (v. t.) To reduce to atoms.
insert operate v. to do work or a job; to cut into the body for medical reasons \ (v. i.) To perform a work or labor; to exert power or strengh, physical or mechanical; to act. \ (v. i.) To produce an appropriate physical effect; to issue in the result designed by nature; especially (Med.), to take appropriate effect on the human system. \ (v. i.) To act or produce effect on the mind; to exert moral power or influence. \ (v. i.) To perform some manual act upon a human body in a methodical manner, and usually with instruments, with a view to restore soundness or health, as in amputation, lithotomy, etc. \ (v. i.) To deal in stocks or any commodity with a view to speculative profits. \ (v. t.) To produce, as an effect; to cause. \ (v. t.) To put into, or to continue in, operation or activity; to work; as, to operate a machine.
insert same ad. not different; not changed; like another or others \ (v. i.) Not different or other; not another or others; identical; unchanged. \ (v. i.) Of like kind, species, sort, dimensions, or the like; not differing in character or in the quality or qualities compared; corresponding; not discordant; similar; like. \ (v. i.) Just mentioned, or just about to be mentioned.
insert suck (v. t.) To draw, as a liquid, by the action of the mouth and tongue, which tends to produce a vacuum, and causes the liquid to rush in by atmospheric pressure; to draw, or apply force to, by exhausting the air. \ (v. t.) To draw liquid from by the action of the mouth; as, to suck an orange; specifically, to draw milk from (the mother, the breast, etc.) with the mouth, the young of an animal sucks the mother, or dam; an infant sucks the breast. \ (v. t.) To draw in, or imbibe, by any process resembles sucking; to inhale; to absorb, to suck in air; the roots of plants suck water from the ground. \ (v. t.) To draw or drain. \ (v. t.) To draw in, as a whirlpool; to swallow up. \ (v. i.) To draw, or attempt to draw, something by suction, as with the mouth, or through a tube. \ (v. i.) To draw milk from the breast or udder, a child, or the young of an animal, is first nourished by sucking. \ (v. i.) To draw in; to imbibe; to partake. \ (n.) The act of drawing with the mouth. \ (n.) That which is drawn into the mouth by sucking, mikl drawn from the breast. \ (n.) A small draught. \ (n.) Juice; succulence.
insert unhappy (a.) Not happy or fortunate; unfortunate; unlucky; as, affairs have taken an unhappy turn. \ (a.) In a degree miserable or wretched; not happy; sad; sorrowful, children render their parents unhappy by misconduct. \ (a.) Marked by infelicity; evil; calamitous, an unhappy day. \ (a.) Mischievous; wanton; wicked.
insert couple (a.) That which joins or links two things together; a bond or tie; a coupler. \ (a.) Two of the same kind connected or considered together; a pair; a brace. \ (a.) A male and female associated together; esp., a man and woman who are married or betrothed. \ (a.) See Couple-close. \ (a.) One of the pairs of plates of two metals which compose a voltaic battery; -- called a voltaic couple or galvanic couple. \ (a.) Two rotations, movements, etc., which are equal in amount but opposite in direction, and acting along parallel lines or around parallel axes. \ (v.) To link or tie, as one thing to another; to connect or fasten together; to join. \ (v.) To join in wedlock; to marry. \ (v. i.) To come together as male and female; to copulate.
insert range (n.) To set in a row, or in rows; to place in a regular line or lines, or in ranks; to dispose in the proper order; to rank; as, to range soldiers in line. \ (n.) To place (as a single individual) among others in a line, row, or order, as in the ranks of an army; -- usually, reflexively and figuratively, (in the sense) to espouse a cause, to join a party, etc. \ (n.) To separate into parts; to sift. \ (n.) To dispose in a classified or in systematic order; to arrange regularly, to range plants and animals in genera and species. \ (n.) To rove over or through, to range the fields. \ (n.) To sail or pass in a direction parallel to or near, to range the coast. \ (n.) To be native to, or to live in; to frequent. \ (v. i.) To rove at large; to wander without restraint or direction; to roam. \ (v. i.) To have range; to change or differ within limits; to be capable of projecting, or to admit of being projected, especially as to horizontal distance, the temperature ranged through seventy degrees Fahrenheit; the gun ranges three miles; the shot ranged four miles. \ (v. i.) To be placed in order; to be ranked; to admit of arrangement or classification; to rank. \ (v. i.) To have a certain direction; to correspond in direction; to be or keep in a corresponding line; to trend or run; -- often followed by with, the front of a house ranges with the street; to range along the coast. \ (v. i.) To be native to, or live in, a certain district or region, the peba ranges from Texas to Paraguay. \ (v.) A series of things in a line; a row; a rank, a range of buildings; a range of mountains. \ (v.) An aggregate of individuals in one rank or degree; an order; a class. \ (v.) The step of a ladder; a rung. \ (v.) A kitchen grate. \ (v.) An extended cooking apparatus of cast iron, set in brickwork, and affording conveniences for various ways of cooking; also, a kind of cooking stove. \ (v.) A bolting sieve to sift meal. \ (v.) A wandering or roving; a going to and fro; an excursion; a ramble; an expedition. \ (v.) That which may be ranged over; place or room for excursion; especially, a region of country in which cattle or sheep may wander and pasture. \ (v.) Extent or space taken in by anything excursive; compass or extent of excursion; reach; scope; discursive power, the range of one's voice, or authority. \ (v.) The region within which a plant or animal naturally lives. \ (v.) The horizontal distance to which a shot or other projectile is carried. \ (v.) Sometimes, less properly, the trajectory of a shot or projectile. \ (v.) A place where shooting, as with cannons or rifles, is practiced. \ (v.) In the public land system of the United States, a row or line of townships lying between two successive meridian lines six miles apart. \ (v.) See Range of cable, below.
insert them pro. other people being spoken about \ (pron.) The objective case of they. See They.
insert cooking (p. pr & vb. n.) of Cook
insert apply (v. t.) To lay or place; to put or adjust (one thing to another); -- with to; as, to apply the hand to the breast; to apply medicaments to a diseased part of the body. \ (v. t.) To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose, or in a particular case; to appropriate; to devote, to apply money to the payment of a debt. \ (v. t.) To make use of, declare, or pronounce, as suitable, fitting, or relative, to apply the testimony to the case; to apply an epithet to a person. \ (v. t.) To fix closely; to engage and employ diligently, or with attention; to attach; to incline. \ (v. t.) To direct or address. \ (v. t.) To betake; to address; to refer; -- used reflexively. \ (v. t.) To busy; to keep at work; to ply. \ (v. t.) To visit. \ (v. i.) To suit; to agree; to have some connection, agreement, or analogy, this argument applies well to the case. \ (v. i.) To make request; to have recourse with a view to gain something; to make application. (to); to solicit, to apply to a friend for information. \ (v. i.) To ply; to move. \ (v. i.) To apply or address one's self; to give application; to attend closely (to).
insert swear (v. i.) To affirm or utter a solemn declaration, with an appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed; to make a promise, threat, or resolve on oath; also, to affirm solemnly by some sacred object, or one regarded as sacred, as the Bible, the Koran, etc. \ (v. i.) To give evidence on oath; as, to swear to the truth of a statement; he swore against the prisoner. \ (v. i.) To make an appeal to God in an irreverant manner; to use the name of God or sacred things profanely; to call upon God in imprecation; to curse. \ (v. t.) To utter or affirm with a solemn appeal to God for the truth of the declaration; to make (a promise, threat, or resolve) under oath. \ (v. t.) To put to an oath; to cause to take an oath; to administer an oath to; -- ofetn followed by in or into, to swear witnesses; to swear a jury; to swear in an officer; he was sworn into office. \ (v. t.) To declare or charge upon oath, he swore treason against his friend. \ (v. t.) To appeal to by an oath.
insert stick v. to attach something to another thing using a substance that will hold them together; to become fixed in one position so that movement is difficult ("Something is making the door stick."); n. a thin piece of wood \ (v. t.) A small shoot, or branch, separated, as by a cutting, from a tree or shrub; also, any stem or branch of a tree, of any size, cut for fuel or timber. \ (v. t.) Any long and comparatively slender piece of wood, whether in natural form or shaped with tools; a rod; a wand; a staff; as, the stick of a rocket; a walking stick. \ (v. t.) Anything shaped like a stick, a stick of wax. \ (v. t.) A derogatory expression for a person; one who is inert or stupid, an odd stick; a poor stick. \ (v. t.) A composing stick. See under Composing. It is usually a frame of metal, but for posters, handbills, etc., one made of wood is used. \ (v. t.) A thrust with a pointed instrument; a stab. \ (n.) To penetrate with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to stab; hence, to kill by piercing, to stick a beast. \ (n.) To cause to penetrate; to push, thrust, or drive, so as to pierce, to stick a needle into one's finger. \ (n.) To fasten, attach, or cause to remain, by thrusting in, to adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing, to stick a pin on the sleeve. \ (n.) To set; to fix in, to stick card teeth. \ (n.) To set with something pointed, to stick cards. \ (n.) To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale, to stick an apple on a fork. \ (n.) To attach by causing to adhere to the surface, to stick on a plaster; to stick a stamp on an envelope, to attach in any manner. \ (n.) To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick, to stick type. \ (n.) To run or plane (moldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such moldings are said to be stuck. \ (n.) To cause to stick; to bring to a stand; to pose; to puzzle, to stick one with a hard problem. \ (n.) To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat. \ (v. i.) To adhere, glue sticks to the fingers; paste sticks to the wall. \ (v. i.) To remain where placed; to be fixed; to hold fast to any position so as to be moved with difficulty; to cling; to abide; to cleave; to be united closely. \ (v. i.) To be prevented from going farther; to stop by reason of some obstacle; to be stayed. \ (v. i.) To be embarrassed or puzzled; to hesitate; to be deterred, as by scruples; to scruple; -- often with at. \ (v. i.) To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation.
insert evening (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Even \ (n.) The latter part and close of the day, and the beginning of darkness or night; properly, the decline of the day, or of the sum. \ (n.) The latter portion, as of life; the declining period, as of strength or glory.
insert call v. to give a name to ("I call myself John."); to ask for or request ("They called for an end to the fighting.") \ (v. t.) To command or request to come or be present; to summon; as, to call a servant. \ (v. t.) To summon to the discharge of a particular duty; to designate for an office, or employment, especially of a religious character; -- often used of a divine summons, to be called to the ministry; sometimes, to invite, to call a minister to be the pastor of a church. \ (v. t.) To invite or command to meet; to convoke; -- often with together, the President called Congress together; to appoint and summon, to call a meeting of the Board of Aldermen. \ (v. t.) To give name to; to name; to address, or speak of, by a specifed name. \ (v. t.) To regard or characterize as of a certain kind; to denominate; to designate. \ (v. t.) To state, or estimate, approximately or loosely; to characterize without strict regard to fact, they call the distance ten miles; he called it a full day's work. \ (v. t.) To show or disclose the class, character, or nationality of. \ (v. t.) To utter in a loud or distinct voice; -- often with off, to call, or call off, the items of an account; to call the roll of a military company. \ (v. t.) To invoke; to appeal to. \ (v. t.) To rouse from sleep; to awaken. \ (v. i.) To speak in loud voice; to cry out; to address by name; -- sometimes with to. \ (v. i.) To make a demand, requirement, or request. \ (v. i.) To make a brief visit; also, to stop at some place designated, as for orders. \ (n.) The act of calling; -- usually with the voice, but often otherwise, as by signs, the sound of some instrument, or by writing; a summons; an entreaty; an invitation, a call for help; the bugle's call. \ (n.) A signal, as on a drum, bugle, trumpet, or pipe, to summon soldiers or sailors to duty. \ (n.) An invitation to take charge of or serve a church as its pastor. \ (n.) A requirement or appeal arising from the circumstances of the case; a moral requirement or appeal. \ (n.) A divine vocation or summons. \ (n.) Vocation; employment. \ (n.) A short visit, to make a call on a neighbor, the daily coming of a tradesman to solicit orders. \ (n.) A note blown on the horn to encourage the hounds. \ (n.) A whistle or pipe, used by the boatswain and his mate, to summon the sailors to duty. \ (n.) The cry of a bird; also a noise or cry in imitation of a bird; or a pipe to call birds by imitating their note or cry. \ (n.) A reference to, or statement of, an object, course, distance, or other matter of description in a survey or grant requiring or calling for a corresponding object, etc., on the land. \ (n.) The privilege to demand the delivery of stock, grain, or any commodity, at a fixed, price, at or within a certain time agreed on. \ (n.) See Assessment, 4.
insert big ad. of great size; not small \ (superl.) Having largeness of size; of much bulk or magnitude; of great size; large. \ (superl.) Great with young; pregnant; swelling; ready to give birth or produce; -- often figuratively. \ (superl.) Having greatness, fullness, importance, inflation, distention, etc., whether in a good or a bad sense; as, a big heart; a big voice; big looks; to look big. As applied to looks, it indicates haughtiness or pride. \ (n.) Alt. of Bigg \ (v. t.) Alt. of Bigg
insert description (n.) The act of describing; a delineation by marks or signs. \ (n.) A sketch or account of anything in words; a portraiture or representation in language; an enumeration of the essential qualities of a thing or species. \ (n.) A class to which a certain representation is applicable; kind; sort.
insert speedy (superl.) Not dilatory or slow; quick; swift; nimble; hasty; rapid in motion or performance; as, a speedy flight; on speedy foot.
insert kettle (n.) A metallic vessel, with a wide mouth, often without a cover, used for heating and boiling water or other liguids.
insert time n. that which is measured in minutes, hours, days and years; a period that can be identified in hours and minutes and is shown on a clock; a period when an event should or will take place \ (n.) Duration, considered independently of any system of measurement or any employment of terms which designate limited portions thereof. \ (n.) A particular period or part of duration, whether past, present, or future; a point or portion of duration; as, the time was, or has been; the time is, or will be. \ (n.) The period at which any definite event occurred, or person lived; age; period; era, the Spanish Armada was destroyed in the time of Queen Elizabeth; -- often in the plural, ancient times; modern times. \ (n.) The duration of one's life; the hours and days which a person has at his disposal. \ (n.) A proper time; a season; an opportunity. \ (n.) Hour of travail, delivery, or parturition. \ (n.) Performance or occurrence of an action or event, considered with reference to repetition; addition of a number to itself; repetition, to double cloth four times; four times four, or sixteen. \ (n.) The present life; existence in this world as contrasted with immortal life; definite, as contrasted with infinite, duration. \ (n.) Tense. \ (n.) The measured duration of sounds; measure; tempo; rate of movement; rhythmical division, common or triple time; the musician keeps good time. \ (v. t.) To appoint the time for; to bring, begin, or perform at the proper season or time, he timed his appearance rightly. \ (v. t.) To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of movement. \ (v. t.) To ascertain or record the time, duration, or rate of, to time the speed of horses, or hours for workmen. \ (v. t.) To measure, as in music or harmony. \ (v. i.) To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time. \ (v. i.) To pass time; to delay.
insert class (n.) A group of individuals ranked together as possessing common characteristics; as, the different classes of society; the educated class; the lower classes. \ (n.) A number of students in a school or college, of the same standing, or pursuing the same studies. \ (n.) A comprehensive division of animate or inanimate objects, grouped together on account of their common characteristics, in any classification in natural science, and subdivided into orders, families, tribes, genera, etc. \ (n.) A set; a kind or description, species or variety. \ (n.) One of the sections into which a church or congregation is divided, and which is under the supervision of a class leader. \ (n.) To arrange in classes; to classify or refer to some class, to class words or passages. \ (n.) To divide into classes, as students; to form into, or place in, a class or classes. \ (v. i.) To grouped or classed.
insert job n. the work that one does to earn money
insert March (n.) The third month of the year, containing thirty-one days. \ (n.) A territorial border or frontier; a region adjacent to a boundary line; a confine; -- used chiefly in the plural, and in English history applied especially to the border land on the frontiers between England and Scotland, and England and Wales. \ (v. i.) To border; to be contiguous; to lie side by side. \ (v. i.) To move with regular steps, as a soldier; to walk in a grave, deliberate, or stately manner; to advance steadily. \ (v. i.) To proceed by walking in a body or in military order; as, the German army marched into France. \ (v. t.) TO cause to move with regular steps in the manner of a soldier; to cause to move in military array, or in a body, as troops; to cause to advance in a steady, regular; to cause to go by peremptory command, or by force. \ (n.) The act of marching; a movement of soldiers from one stopping place to another; military progress; advance of troops. \ (n.) Hence: Measured and regular advance or movement, like that of soldiers moving in order; stately or deliberate walk; steady onward movement. \ (n.) The distance passed over in marching, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles. \ (n.) A piece of music designed or fitted to accompany and guide the movement of troops; a piece of music in the march form.
insert passport n. a document permitting a person to travel to another country \ (n.) Permission to pass; a document given by the competent officer of a state, permitting the person therein named to pass or travel from place to place, without molestation, by land or by water. \ (n.) A document carried by neutral merchant vessels in time of war, to certify their nationality and protect them from belligerents; a sea letter. \ (n.) A license granted in time of war for the removal of persons and effects from a hostile country; a safe-conduct. \ (n.) Figuratively: Anything which secures advancement and general acceptance.
insert culture n. all the beliefs, traditions and arts of a group or population \ (n.) The act or practice of cultivating, or of preparing the earth for seed and raising crops by tillage; as, the culture of the soil. \ (n.) The act of, or any labor or means employed for, training, disciplining, or refining the moral and intellectual nature of man, the culture of the mind. \ (n.) The state of being cultivated; result of cultivation; physical improvement; enlightenment and discipline acquired by mental and moral training; civilization; refinement in manners and taste. \ (v. t.) To cultivate; to educate. \ (n.) The cultivation of bacteria or other organisms in artificial media or under artificial conditions. \ (n.) The collection of organisms resulting from such a cultivation. \ (n.) Those details of a map, collectively, which do not represent natural features of the area delineated, as names and the symbols for towns, roads, houses, bridges, meridians, and parallels.
insert eraser (n.) One who, or that which, erases; esp., a sharp instrument or a piece of rubber used to erase writings, drawings, etc.
insert reporter (n.) One who reports. \ (n.) An officer or person who makes authorized statements of law proceedings and decisions, or of legislative debates. \ (n.) One who reports speeches, the proceedings of public meetings, news, etc., for the newspapers.
insert kick v. to hit with the foot \ (v. t.) To strike, thrust, or hit violently with the foot; as, a horse kicks a groom; a man kicks a dog. \ (v. i.) To thrust out the foot or feet with violence; to strike out with the foot or feet, as in defense or in bad temper; esp., to strike backward, as a horse does, or to have a habit of doing so. Hence, figuratively: To show ugly resistance, opposition, or hostility; to spurn. \ (v. i.) To recoil; -- said of a musket, cannon, etc. \ (n.) A blow with the foot or feet; a striking or thrust with the foot. \ (n.) The projection on the tang of the blade of a pocket knife, which prevents the edge of the blade from striking the spring. See Illust. of Pocketknife. \ (n.) A projection in a mold, to form a depression in the surface of the brick. \ (n.) The recoil of a musket or other firearm, when discharged.
insert shade (n.) Comparative obscurity owing to interception or interruption of the rays of light; partial darkness caused by the intervention of something between the space contemplated and the source of light. \ (n.) Darkness; obscurity; -- often in the plural. \ (n.) An obscure place; a spot not exposed to light; hence, a secluded retreat. \ (n.) That which intercepts, or shelters from, light or the direct rays of the sun, also, that which protects from heat or currents of air; a screen; protection; shelter; cover; as, a lamp shade. \ (n.) Shadow. \ (n.) The soul after its separation from the body; -- so called because the ancients it to be perceptible to the sight, though not to the touch; a spirit; a ghost, the shades of departed heroes. \ (n.) The darker portion of a picture; a less illuminated part. See Def. 1, above. \ (n.) Degree or variation of color, as darker or lighter, stronger or paler, a delicate shade of pink. \ (n.) A minute difference or variation, as of thought, belief, expression, etc., the quality or degree of anything which is distinguished from others similar by slight differences, the shades of meaning in synonyms. \ (v. t.) To shelter or screen by intercepting the rays of light; to keep off illumination from. \ (v. t.) To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen; to hide, to shade one's eyes. \ (v. t.) To obscure; to dim the brightness of. \ (v. t.) To pain in obscure colors; to darken. \ (v. t.) To mark with gradations of light or color. \ (v. t.) To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent. \ (n.) To undergo or exhibit minute difference or variation, as of color, meaning; to pass by slight changes; -- used chiefly with a preposition, as into, away, off.
insert passage (v. i.) The act of passing; transit from one place to another; movement from point to point; a going by, over, across, or through; as, the passage of a man or a carriage; the passage of a ship or a bird; the passage of light; the passage of fluids through the pores or channels of the body. \ (v. i.) Transit by means of conveyance; journey, as by water, carriage, car, or the like; travel; right, liberty, or means, of passing; conveyance. \ (v. i.) Price paid for the liberty to pass; fare, to pay one's passage. \ (v. i.) Removal from life; decease; departure; death. \ (v. i.) Way; road; path; channel or course through or by which one passes; way of exit or entrance; way of access or transit. Hence, a common avenue to various apartments in a building; a hall; a corridor. \ (v. i.) A continuous course, process, or progress; a connected or continuous series, the passage of time. \ (v. i.) A separate part of a course, or series; an occurrence; an incident; an act or deed. \ (v. i.) A particular portion constituting a part of something continuous; esp., a portion of a book, speech, or musical composition; a paragraph; a clause. \ (v. i.) Reception; currency. \ (v. i.) A pass or en encounter, a passage at arms. \ (v. i.) A movement or an evacuation of the bowels. \ (v. i.) In parliamentary proceedings: (a) The course of a proposition (bill, resolution, etc.) through the several stages of consideration and action, during its passage through Congress the bill was amended in both Houses. (b) The advancement of a bill or other proposition from one stage to another by an affirmative vote, the final affirmative action of the body upon a proposition; hence, adoption; enactment, the passage of the bill to its third reading was delayed.
insert rarely (adv.) In a rare manner or degree; seldom; not often; as, things rarely seen. \ (adv.) Finely; excellently; with rare skill. See 3d Rare, 2.
insert woman n. an adult female human \ (n.) An adult female person; a grown-up female person, as distinguished from a man or a child; sometimes, any female person. \ (n.) The female part of the human race; womankind. \ (n.) A female attendant or servant. \ (v. t.) To act the part of a woman in; -- with indefinite it. \ (v. t.) To make effeminate or womanish. \ (v. t.) To furnish with, or unite to, a woman.
insert cheek (n.) The side of the face below the eye. \ (n.) The cheek bone. \ (n.) Those pieces of a machine, or of any timber, or stone work, which form corresponding sides, or which are similar and in pair; as, the cheeks (jaws) of a vise; the cheeks of a gun carriage, etc. \ (n.) The branches of a bridle bit. \ (n.) A section of a flask, so made that it can be moved laterally, to permit the removal of the pattern from the mold; the middle part of a flask. \ (n.) Cool confidence; assurance; impudence. \ (v. t.) To be impudent or saucy to.
insert hero n. a person honored for being brave or wise \ (n.) An illustrious man, supposed to be exalted, after death, to a place among the gods; a demigod, as Hercules. \ (n.) A man of distinguished valor or enterprise in danger, or fortitude in suffering; a prominent or central personage in any remarkable action or event; hence, a great or illustrious person. \ (n.) The principal personage in a poem, story, and the like, or the person who has the principal share in the transactions related; as Achilles in the Iliad, Ulysses in the Odyssey, and Aeneas in the Aeneid.
insert advance (v. t.) To bring forward; to move towards the van or front; to make to go on. \ (v. t.) To raise; to elevate. \ (v. t.) To raise to a higher rank; to promote. \ (v. t.) To accelerate the growth or progress; to further; to forward; to help on; to aid; to heighten; as, to advance the ripening of fruit; to advance one's interests. \ (v. t.) To bring to view or notice; to offer or propose; to show, to advance an argument. \ (v. t.) To make earlier, as an event or date; to hasten. \ (v. t.) To furnish, as money or other value, before it becomes due, or in aid of an enterprise; to supply beforehand, a merchant advances money on a contract or on goods consigned to him. \ (v. t.) To raise to a higher point; to enhance; to raise in rate, to advance the price of goods. \ (v. t.) To extol; to laud. \ (v. i.) To move or go forward; to proceed, he advanced to greet me. \ (v. i.) To increase or make progress in any respect, to advance in knowledge, in stature, in years, in price. \ (v. i.) To rise in rank, office, or consequence; to be preferred or promoted. \ (v.) The act of advancing or moving forward or upward; progress. \ (v.) Improvement or progression, physically, mentally, morally, or socially, an advance in health, knowledge, or religion; an advance in rank or office. \ (v.) An addition to the price; rise in price or value, an advance on the prime cost of goods. \ (v.) The first step towards the attainment of a result; approach made to gain favor, to form an acquaintance, to adjust a difference, etc.; an overture; a tender; an offer; -- usually in the plural. \ (v.) A furnishing of something before an equivalent is received (as money or goods), towards a capital or stock, or on loan; payment beforehand; the money or goods thus furnished; money or value supplied beforehand. \ (a.) Before in place, or beforehand in time; -- used for advanced, an advance guard, or that before the main guard or body of an army; advance payment, or that made before it is due; advance proofs, advance sheets, pages of a forthcoming volume, received in advance of the time of publication.
insert nervous (a.) possessing nerve; sinewy; strong; vigorous. \ (a.) Possessing or manifesting vigor of mind; characterized by strength in sentiment or style; forcible; spirited; as, a nervous writer. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the nerves; seated in the nerves, nervous excitement; a nervous fever. \ (a.) Having the nerves weak, diseased, or easily excited; subject to, or suffering from, undue excitement of the nerves; easily agitated or annoyed. \ (a.) Sensitive; excitable; timid.
insert escalator (n.) A stairway or incline arranged like an endless belt so that the steps or treads ascend or descend continuously, and one stepping upon it is carried up or down; -- a trade term.
insert marriage (v. t.) The act of marrying, or the state of being married; legal union of a man and a woman for life, as husband and wife; wedlock; matrimony. \ (v. t.) The marriage vow or contract. \ (v. t.) A feast made on the occasion of a marriage. \ (v. t.) Any intimate or close union. \ (n.) In bezique, penuchle, and similar games at cards, the combination of a king and queen of the same suit. If of the trump suit, it is called a royal marriage.
insert fashionable (a.) Conforming to the fashion or established mode; according with the prevailing form or style; as, a fashionable dress. \ (a.) Established or favored by custom or use; current; prevailing at a particular time, the fashionable philosophy; fashionable opinions. \ (a.) Observant of the fashion or customary mode; dressing or behaving according to the prevailing fashion, a fashionable man. \ (a.) Genteel; well-bred, fashionable society. \ (n.) A person who conforms to the fashions; -- used chiefly in the plural.
insert prayer (n.) One who prays; a supplicant. \ (v. i.) The act of praying, or of asking a favor; earnest request or entreaty; hence, a petition or memorial addressed to a court or a legislative body. \ (v. i.) The act of addressing supplication to a divinity, especially to the true God; the offering of adoration, confession, supplication, and thanksgiving to the Supreme Being; as, public prayer; secret prayer. \ (v. i.) The form of words used in praying; a formula of supplication; an expressed petition; especially, a supplication addressed to God, a written or extemporaneous prayer; to repeat one's prayers.
insert team n. a group organized for some purpose, often for sports \ (n.) A group of young animals, especially of young ducks; a brood; a litter. \ (n.) Hence, a number of animals moving together. \ (n.) Two or more horses, oxen, or other beasts harnessed to the same vehicle for drawing, as to a coach, wagon, sled, or the like. \ (n.) A number of persons associated together in any work; a gang; especially, a number of persons selected to contend on one side in a match, or a series of matches, in a cricket, football, rowing, etc. \ (n.) A flock of wild ducks. \ (n.) A royalty or privilege granted by royal charter to a lord of a manor, of having, keeping, and judging in his court, his bondmen, neifes, and villains, and their offspring, or suit, that is, goods and chattels, and appurtenances thereto. \ (v. i.) To engage in the occupation of driving a team of horses, cattle, or the like, as in conveying or hauling lumber, goods, etc.; to be a teamster. \ (v. t.) To convey or haul with a team; as, to team lumber.
insert net (v. t.) To make into a net; to make n the style of network; as, to net silk. \ (v. t.) To take in a net; to capture by stratagem or wile. \ (v. t.) To inclose or cover with a net, to net a tree. \ (v. i.) To form network or netting; to knit. \ (a.) Without spot; pure; shining. \ (a.) Free from extraneous substances; unadulterated; neat, net wine, etc. \ (a.) Not including superfluous, incidental, or foreign matter, as boxes, coverings, wraps, etc.; free from charges, deductions, etc, net profit; net income; net weight, etc. \ (v. t.) To produce or gain as clear profit, he netted a thousand dollars by the operation.
insert key (n.) An instrument by means of which the bolt of a lock is shot or drawn; usually, a removable metal instrument fitted to the mechanism of a particular lock and operated by turning in its place. \ (n.) An instrument which is turned like a key in fastening or adjusting any mechanism; as, a watch key; a bed key, etc. \ (n.) That part of an instrument or machine which serves as the means of operating it, a telegraph key; the keys of a pianoforte, or of a typewriter. \ (n.) A position or condition which affords entrance, control, pr possession, etc., the key of a line of defense; the key of a country; the key of a political situation. Hence, that which serves to unlock, open, discover, or solve something unknown or difficult, the key to a riddle; the key to a problem. \ (n.) That part of a mechanism which serves to lock up, make fast, or adjust to position. \ (n.) A piece of wood used as a wedge. \ (n.) The last board of a floor when laid down. \ (n.) A keystone. \ (n.) That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place. \ (n.) A wedge to unite two or more pieces, or adjust their relative position; a cotter; a forelock. \ (n.) A bar, pin or wedge, to secure a crank, pulley, coupling, upon a shaft, and prevent relative turning; sometimes holding by friction alone, but more frequently by its resistance to shearing, being usually embedded partly in the shaft and partly in the crank, etc. \ (n.) An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara; -- called also key fruit. \ (n.) A family of tones whose regular members are called diatonic tones, and named key tone (or tonic) or one (or eight), mediant or three, dominant or five, subdominant or four, submediant or six, supertonic or two, and subtonic or seven. Chromatic tones are temporary members of a key, under such names as " sharp four," "flat seven," etc. Scales and tunes of every variety are made from the tones of a key. \ (n.) The fundamental tone of a movement to which its modulations are referred, and with which it generally begins and ends; keynote. \ (n.) Fig: The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance. \ (v. t.) To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges. \ (n.) A metallic lever by which the circuit of the sending or transmitting part of a station equipment may be easily and rapidly opened and closed; any device for closing or opening an electric circuit. \ (n.) A simplified version or analysis which accompanies something as a clue to its explanation, a book or table containing the solutions to problems, ciphers, allegories, or the like, or a table or synopsis of conspicuous distinguishing characters of members of a taxonomic group. \ A bar or key, in a typewriter or typesetting machine, used for spacing between letters.
insert cow n. a farm animal used for its milk \ (n.) A chimney cap; a cowl \ (n.) The mature female of bovine animals. \ (n.) The female of certain large mammals, as whales, seals, etc. \ (v. t.) To depress with fear; to daunt the spirits or courage of; to overawe. \ (n.) A wedge, or brake, to check the motion of a machine or car; a chock.
insert observe v. to watch; to look at carefully; to celebrate or honor something ("They will observe the anniversary of the day she was born.") \ (v. t.) To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as, to observe rules or commands; to observe civility. \ (v. t.) To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover, to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army. \ (v. t.) To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark. \ (v. i.) To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend. \ (v. i.) To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
insert hour n. a measure of time; sixty minutes \ (n.) The twenty-fourth part of a day; sixty minutes. \ (n.) The time of the day, as expressed in hours and minutes, and indicated by a timepiece; as, what is the hour? At what hour shall we meet? \ (n.) Fixed or appointed time; conjuncture; a particular time or occasion, the hour of greatest peril; the man for the hour. \ (n.) Certain prayers to be repeated at stated times of the day, as matins and vespers. \ (n.) A measure of distance traveled.
insert warning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Warn \ (a.) Giving previous notice; cautioning; admonishing; as, a warning voice. \ (n.) Previous notice. \ (n.) Caution against danger, or against faults or evil practices which incur danger; admonition; monition.
insert Mr. The customary abbreviation of Mister in writing and printing. See Master, 4.
insert goal n. that toward which an effort is directed; that which is aimed at; the end of a trip or race \ (n.) The mark set to bound a race, and to or around which the constestants run, or from which they start to return to it again; the place at which a race or a journey is to end. \ (n.) The final purpose or aim; the end to which a design tends, or which a person aims to reach or attain. \ (n.) A base, station, or bound used in various games; in football, a line between two posts across which the ball must pass in order to score; also, the act of kicking the ball over the line between the goal posts.
insert super (n.) A contraction of Supernumerary, in sense 2.
insert weak ad. having little power; easily broken, damaged or destroyed; opposite strong \ (v. i.) Wanting physical strength. \ (v. i.) Deficient in strength of body; feeble; infirm; sickly; debilitated; enfeebled; exhausted. \ (v. i.) Not able to sustain a great weight, pressure, or strain; as, a weak timber; a weak rope. \ (v. i.) Not firmly united or adhesive; easily broken or separated into pieces; not compact, a weak ship. \ (v. i.) Not stiff; pliant; frail; soft, the weak stalk of a plant. \ (v. i.) Not able to resist external force or onset; easily subdued or overcome, a weak barrier, a weak fortress. \ (v. i.) Lacking force of utterance or sound; not sonorous; low; small; faint. \ (v. i.) Not thoroughly or abundantly impregnated with the usual or required ingredients, or with stimulating and nourishing substances; of less than the usual strength, weak tea, broth, or liquor; a weak decoction or solution; a weak dose of medicine. \ (v. i.) Lacking ability for an appropriate function or office, weak eyes; a weak stomach; a weak magistrate; a weak regiment, or army. \ (v. i.) Not possessing or manifesting intellectual, logical, moral, or political strength, vigor, etc. \ (v. i.) Feeble of mind; wanting discernment; lacking vigor; spiritless, a weak king or magistrate. \ (v. i.) Resulting from, or indicating, lack of judgment, discernment, or firmness; unwise; hence, foolish. \ (v. i.) Not having full confidence or conviction; not decided or confirmed; vacillating; wavering. \ (v. i.) Not able to withstand temptation, urgency, persuasion, etc.; easily impressed, moved, or overcome; accessible; vulnerable, weak resolutions; weak virtue. \ (v. i.) Wanting in power to influence or bind, weak ties; a weak sense of honor of duty. \ (v. i.) Not having power to convince; not supported by force of reason or truth; unsustained, a weak argument or case. \ (v. i.) Wanting in point or vigor of expression, a weak sentence; a weak style. \ (v. i.) Not prevalent or effective, or not felt to be prevalent; not potent; feeble. \ (v. i.) Lacking in elements of political strength; not wielding or having authority or energy; deficient in the resources that are essential to a ruler or nation, a weak monarch; a weak government or state. \ (v. i.) Tending towards lower prices, a weak market. \ (v. i.) Pertaining to, or designating, a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) and past participle by adding to the present the suffix -ed, -d, or the variant form -t; as in the verbs abash, abashed; abate, abated; deny, denied; feel, felt. See Strong, 19 (a). \ (v. i.) Pertaining to, a noun in Anglo-Saxon, the stem of which ends in -n. See Strong, 19 (b). \ (a.) To make or become weak; to weaken. \ (a.) Tending toward a lower price or lower prices, wheat is weak; a weak market. \ (a.) Lacking in good cards; deficient as to number or strength, a hand weak in trumps. \ (a.) Lacking contrast, a weak negative.
insert soft ad. not hard; easily shaped; pleasing to touch; not loud \ (superl.) Easily yielding to pressure; easily impressed, molded, or cut; not firm in resisting; impressible; yielding; also, malleable; -- opposed to hard; as, a soft bed; a soft peach; soft earth; soft wood or metal. \ (superl.) Not rough, rugged, or harsh to the touch; smooth; delicate; fine, soft silk; a soft skin. \ (superl.) Hence, agreeable to feel, taste, or inhale; not irritating to the tissues, a soft liniment; soft wines. \ (superl.) Not harsh or offensive to the sight; not glaring; pleasing to the eye; not exciting by intensity of color or violent contrast, soft hues or tints. \ (superl.) Not harsh or rough in sound; gentle and pleasing to the ear; flowing, soft whispers of music. \ (superl.) Easily yielding; susceptible to influence; flexible; gentle; kind. \ (superl.) Expressing gentleness, tenderness, or the like; mild; conciliatory; courteous; kind, soft eyes. \ (superl.) Effeminate; not courageous or manly, weak. \ (superl.) Gentle in action or motion; easy. \ (superl.) Weak in character; impressible. \ (superl.) Somewhat weak in intellect. \ (superl.) Quiet; undisturbed; paceful, soft slumbers. \ (superl.) Having, or consisting of, a gentle curve or curves; not angular or abrupt, soft outlines. \ (superl.) Not tinged with mineral salts; adapted to decompose soap, soft water is the best for washing. \ (superl.) Applied to a palatal, a sibilant, or a dental consonant (as g in gem, c in cent, etc.) as distinguished from a guttural mute (as g in go, c in cone, etc.); -- opposed to hard. \ (superl.) Belonging to the class of sonant elements as distinguished from the surd, and considered as involving less force in utterance, b, d, g, z, v, etc., in contrast with p, t, k, s, f, etc. \ (n.) A soft or foolish person; an idiot. \ (adv.) Softly; without roughness or harshness; gently; quietly. \ (interj.) Be quiet; hold; stop; not so fast.
insert available (a.) Having sufficient power, force, or efficacy, for the object; effectual; valid; as, an available plea. \ (a.) Such as one may avail one's self of; capable of being used for the accomplishment of a purpose; usable; profitable; advantageous; convertible into a resource, an available measure; an available candidate.
insert fare (n.) To go; to pass; to journey; to travel. \ (n.) To be in any state, or pass through any experience, good or bad; to be attended with any circummstances or train of events, fortunate or unfortunate; as, he fared well, or ill. \ (n.) To be treated or entertained at table, or with bodily or social comforts; to live. \ (n.) To happen well, or ill; -- used impersonally, we shall see how it will fare with him. \ (n.) To behave; to conduct one's self. \ (v.) A journey; a passage. \ (v.) The price of passage or going; the sum paid or due for conveying a person by land or water, the fare for crossing a river; the fare in a coach or by railway. \ (v.) Ado; bustle; business. \ (v.) Condition or state of things; fortune; hap; cheer. \ (v.) Food; provisions for the table; entertainment, coarse fare; delicious fare. \ (v.) The person or persons conveyed in a vehicle, a full fare of passengers. \ (v.) The catch of fish on a fishing vessel.
insert pot (n.) A metallic or earthen vessel, appropriated to any of a great variety of uses, as for boiling meat or vegetables, for holding liquids, for plants, etc.; as, a quart pot; a flower pot; a bean pot. \ (n.) An earthen or pewter cup for liquors; a mug. \ (n.) The quantity contained in a pot; a potful, a pot of ale. \ (n.) A metal or earthenware extension of a flue above the top of a chimney; a chimney pot. \ (n.) A crucible, a graphite pot; a melting pot. \ (n.) A wicker vessel for catching fish, eels, etc. \ (n.) A perforated cask for draining sugar. \ (n.) A size of paper. See Pott. \ (v. t.) To place or inclose in pots \ (v. t.) To preserve seasoned in pots. \ (v. t.) To set out or cover in pots, potted plants or bulbs. \ (v. t.) To drain, to pot sugar, by taking it from the cooler, and placing it in hogsheads, having perforated heads, through which the molasses drains off. \ (v. t.) To pocket. \ (v. i.) To tipple; to drink. \ (v. t.) To shoot for the pot, i.e., cooking; to secure or hit by a pot shot; to shoot when no special skill is needed. \ (v. t.) To secure; gain; win; bag. \ (v. i.) To take a pot shot or shots, as at game or an enemy. \ (n.) The total of the bets at stake at one time, as in racing or card playing; the pool; \ (n.) a horse heavily backed; a favorite. \ (n.) A plain defensive headpiece; later, and perhaps in a jocose sense, any helmet; -- called also pot helmet. \ (n.) The total of the bets at one time; the pool. \ Alt. of race
insert poetry (n.) The art of apprehending and interpreting ideas by the faculty of imagination; the art of idealizing in thought and in expression. \ (n.) Imaginative language or composition, whether expressed rhythmically or in prose. Specifically: Metrical composition; verse; rhyme; poems collectively; as, heroic poetry; dramatic poetry; lyric or Pindaric poetry.
insert absent (a.) Being away from a place; withdrawn from a place; not present. \ (a.) Not existing; lacking; as, the part was rudimental or absent. \ (a.) Inattentive to what is passing; absent-minded; preoccupied, an absent air. \ (v. t.) To take or withdraw (one's self) to such a distance as to prevent intercourse; -- used with the reflexive pronoun. \ (v. t.) To withhold from being present.
insert access (n.) A coming to, or near approach; admittance; admission; accessibility; as, to gain access to a prince. \ (n.) The means, place, or way by which a thing may be approached; passage way, the access is by a neck of land. \ (n.) Admission to sexual intercourse. \ (n.) Increase by something added; addition, an access of territory. [In this sense accession is more generally used.] \ (n.) An onset, attack, or fit of disease. \ (n.) A paroxysm; a fit of passion; an outburst, an access of fury.
insert sketch (n.) An outline or general delineation of anything; a first rough or incomplete draught or plan of any design; especially, in the fine arts, such a representation of an object or scene as serves the artist's purpose by recording its chief features; also, a preliminary study for an original work. \ (n.) To draw the outline or chief features of; to make a rought of. \ (n.) To plan or describe by giving the principal points or ideas of. \ (v. i.) To make sketches, as of landscapes.
insert ministry (n.) The act of ministering; ministration; service. \ (n.) Agency; instrumentality. \ (n.) The office, duties, or functions of a minister, servant, or agent; ecclesiastical, executive, or ambassadorial function or profession. \ (n.) The body of ministers of state; also, the clergy, as a body. \ (n.) Administration; rule; term in power; as, the ministry of Pitt.
insert pull v. to use force to move something toward the person or thing using the force; opposite push \ (v. t.) To draw, or attempt to draw, toward one; to draw forcibly. \ (v. t.) To draw apart; to tear; to rend. \ (v. t.) To gather with the hand, or by drawing toward one; to pluck; as, to pull fruit; to pull flax; to pull a finch. \ (v. t.) To move or operate by the motion of drawing towards one, to pull a bell; to pull an oar. \ (v. t.) To hold back, and so prevent from winning, the favorite was pulled. \ (v. t.) To take or make, as a proof or impression; -- hand presses being worked by pulling a lever. \ (v. t.) To strike the ball in a particular manner. See Pull, n., 8. \ (v. i.) To exert one's self in an act or motion of drawing or hauling; to tug, to pull at a rope. \ (n.) The act of pulling or drawing with force; an effort to move something by drawing toward one. \ (n.) A contest; a struggle, a wrestling pull. \ (n.) A pluck; loss or violence suffered. \ (n.) A knob, handle, or lever, etc., by which anything is pulled, a drawer pull; a bell pull. \ (n.) The act of rowing, a pull on the river. \ (n.) The act of drinking, to take a pull at the beer, or the mug. \ (n.) Something in one's favor in a comparison or a contest; an advantage; means of influencing, in weights the favorite had the pull. \ (n.) A kind of stroke by which a leg ball is sent to the off side, or an off ball to the side.
insert crash v. to fall violently; to hit with great force \ (v. t. ) To break in pieces violently; to dash together with noise and violence. \ (v. i.) To make a loud, clattering sound, as of many things falling and breaking at once; to break in pieces with a harsh noise. \ (v. i.) To break with violence and noise; as, the chimney in falling crashed through the roof. \ (n.) A loud, sudden, confused sound, as of many things falling and breaking at once. \ (n.) Ruin; failure; sudden breaking down, as of a business house or a commercial enterprise. \ (n.) Coarse, heavy, narrow linen cloth, used esp. for towels.
insert sleep v. to rest the body and mind with the eyes closed \ imp. of Sleep. Slept. \ (v. i.) To take rest by a suspension of the voluntary exercise of the powers of the body and mind, and an apathy of the organs of sense; to slumber. \ (v. i.) To be careless, inattentive, or uncouncerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly. \ (v. i.) To be dead; to lie in the grave. \ (v. i.) To be, or appear to be, in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed, unused, or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant; as, a question sleeps for the present; the law sleeps. \ (v. t.) To be slumbering in; -- followed by a cognate object, to sleep a dreamless sleep. \ (v. t.) To give sleep to; to furnish with accomodations for sleeping; to lodge. \ (v. i.) A natural and healthy, but temporary and periodical, suspension of the functions of the organs of sense, as well as of those of the voluntary and rational soul; that state of the animal in which there is a lessened acuteness of sensory perception, a confusion of ideas, and a loss of mental control, followed by a more or less unconscious state.
insert hunt v. to search for animals to capture or kill them; to seek; to try to find \ (v. t.) To search for or follow after, as game or wild animals; to chase; to pursue for the purpose of catching or killing; to follow with dogs or guns for sport or exercise; as, to hunt a deer. \ (v. t.) To search diligently after; to pursue; to follow; -- often with out or up, to hunt up the facts; to hunt out evidence. \ (v. t.) To drive; -- with down, from, away, etc., to hunt down a criminal; he was hunted from the parish. \ (v. t.) To use or manage in the chase, as hounds. \ (v. t.) To use or traverse in pursuit of game, he hunts the woods, or the country. \ (v. i.) To follow the chase; to go out in pursuit of game; to course with hounds. \ (v. i.) To seek; to search; -- with for or after. \ (n.) The act or practice of chasing wild animals; chase; pursuit; search. \ (n.) The game secured in the hunt. \ (n.) A pack of hounds. \ (n.) An association of huntsmen. \ (n.) A district of country hunted over. \ (v. i.) To be in a state of instability of movement or forced oscillation, as a governor which has a large movement of the balls for small change of load, an arc-lamp clutch mechanism which moves rapidly up and down with variations of current, or the like; also, to seesaw, as a pair of alternators working in parallel. \ (v. i.) To shift up and down in order regularly. \ (v. t.) To move or shift the order of (a bell) in a regular course of changes.
insert memory n. a picture in the mind of past events; the ability to remember; a thing remembered \ (n.) The faculty of the mind by which it retains the knowledge of previous thoughts, impressions, or events. \ (n.) The reach and positiveness with which a person can remember; the strength and trustworthiness of one's power to reach and represent or to recall the past; as, his memory was never wrong. \ (n.) The actual and distinct retention and recognition of past ideas in the mind; remembrance, in memory of youth; memories of foreign lands. \ (n.) The time within which past events can be or are remembered, within the memory of man. \ (n.) Something, or an aggregate of things, remembered; hence, character, conduct, etc., as preserved in remembrance, history, or tradition; posthumous fame, the war became only a memory. \ (n.) A memorial.
insert odd (superl.) Not paired with another, or remaining over after a pairing; without a mate; unmatched; single; as, an odd shoe; an odd glove. \ (superl.) Not divisible by 2 without a remainder; not capable of being evenly paired, one unit with another, 1, 3, 7, 9, 11, etc., are odd numbers. \ (superl.) Left over after a definite round number has been taken or mentioned; indefinitely, but not greatly, exceeding a specified number; extra. \ (superl.) Remaining over; unconnected; detached; fragmentary; hence, occasional; inconsiderable, odd jobs; odd minutes; odd trifles. \ (superl.) Different from what is usual or common; unusual; singular; peculiar; unique; strange.
insert argue v. to offer reasons for or against something; to dispute; to disagree \ (v. i.) To invent and offer reasons to support or overthrow a proposition, opinion, or measure; to use arguments; to reason. \ (v. i.) To contend in argument; to reason; -- followed by with; as, you may argue with your friend without convincing him. \ (v. t.) To debate or discuss; to treat by reasoning, the counsel argued the cause before a full court; the cause was well argued. \ (v. t.) To prove or evince; too manifest or exhibit by inference, deduction, or reasoning. \ (v. t.) To persuade by reasons, to argue a man into a different opinion. \ (v. t.) To blame; to accuse; to charge with.
insert seller (n.) One who sells.
insert closed (imp. & p. p.) of Close
insert kill v. to make dead; to cause to die \ (n.) A kiln. \ (n.) A channel or arm of the sea; a river; a stream; as, the channel between Staten Island and Bergen Neck is the Kill van Kull, or the Kills; -- used also in composition, Schuylkill, Catskill, etc. \ (v. t.) To deprive of life, animal or vegetable, in any manner or by any means; to render inanimate; to put to death; to slay. \ (v. t.) To destroy; to ruin, to kill one's chances; to kill the sale of a book. \ (v. t.) To cause to cease; to quell; to calm; to still, in seamen's language, a shower of rain kills the wind. \ (v. t.) To destroy the effect of; to counteract; to neutralize, alkali kills acid. \ (n.) The act of killing. \ (n.) An animal killed in the hunt, as by a beast of prey.
insert boot (n.) Remedy; relief; amends; reparation; hence, one who brings relief. \ (n.) That which is given to make an exchange equal, or to make up for the deficiency of value in one of the things exchanged. \ (n.) Profit; gain; advantage; use. \ (v. t.) To profit; to advantage; to avail; -- generally followed by it; as, what boots it? \ (v. t.) To enrich; to benefit; to give in addition. \ (n.) A covering for the foot and lower part of the leg, ordinarily made of leather. \ (n.) An instrument of torture for the leg, formerly used to extort confessions, particularly in Scotland. \ (n.) A place at the side of a coach, where attendants rode; also, a low outside place before and behind the body of the coach. \ (n.) A place for baggage at either end of an old-fashioned stagecoach. \ (n.) An apron or cover (of leather or rubber cloth) for the driving seat of a vehicle, to protect from rain and mud. \ (n.) The metal casing and flange fitted about a pipe where it passes through a roof. \ (v. t.) To put boots on, esp. for riding. \ (v. t.) To punish by kicking with a booted foot. \ (v. i.) To boot one's self; to put on one's boots. \ (n.) Booty; spoil.
insert uniform (a.) Having always the same form, manner, or degree; not varying or variable; unchanging; consistent; equable; homogenous; as, the dress of the Asiatics has been uniform from early ages; the temperature is uniform; a stratum of uniform clay. \ (a.) Of the same form with others; agreeing with each other; conforming to one rule or mode; consonant. \ (a.) A dress of a particular style or fashion worn by persons in the same service or order by means of which they have a distinctive appearance, the uniform of the artillery, of the police, of the Freemasons, etc. \ (v. t.) To clothe with a uniform, to uniform a company of soldiers. \ (v. t.) To make conformable.
insert pepper (n.) A well-known, pungently aromatic condiment, the dried berry, either whole or powdered, of the Piper nigrum. \ (n.) The plant which yields pepper, an East Indian woody climber (Piper nigrum), with ovate leaves and apetalous flowers in spikes opposite the leaves. The berries are red when ripe. Also, by extension, any one of the several hundred species of the genus Piper, widely dispersed throughout the tropical and subtropical regions of the earth. \ (n.) Any plant of the genus Capsicum, and its fruit; red pepper; as, the bell pepper. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle or season with pepper. \ (v. t.) Figuratively: To shower shot or other missiles, or blows, upon; to pelt; to fill with shot, or cover with bruises or wounds. \ (v. i.) To fire numerous shots (at).
insert top n. the upper edge or surface; the highest part; the cover of something \ (n.) A child's toy, commonly in the form of a conoid or pear, made to spin on its point, usually by drawing off a string wound round its surface or stem, the motion being sometimes continued by means of a whip. \ (n.) A plug, or conical block of wood, with longitudital grooves on its surface, in which the strands of the rope slide in the process of twisting. \ (n.) The highest part of anything; the upper end, edge, or extremity; the upper side or surface; summit; apex; vertex; cover; lid; as, the top of a spire; the top of a house; the top of a mountain; the top of the ground. \ (n.) The utmost degree; the acme; the summit. \ (n.) The highest rank; the most honorable position; the utmost attainable place, to be at the top of one's class, or at the top of the school. \ (n.) The chief person; the most prominent one. \ (n.) The crown of the head, or the hair upon it; the head. \ (n.) The head, or upper part, of a plant. \ (n.) A platform surrounding the head of the lower mast and projecting on all sudes. It serves to spead the topmast rigging, thus strengheningthe mast, and also furnishes a convenient standing place for the men aloft. \ (n.) A bundle or ball of slivers of comkbed wool, from which the noils, or dust, have been taken out. \ (n.) Eve; verge; point. \ (n.) The part of a cut gem between the girdle, or circumference, and the table, or flat upper surface. \ (n.) Top-boots. \ (v. i.) To rise aloft; to be eminent; to tower, lofty ridges and topping mountains. \ (v. i.) To predominate, topping passions. \ (v. i.) To excel; to rise above others. \ (v. t.) To cover on the top; to tip; to cap; -- chiefly used in the past participle. \ (v. t.) To rise above; to excel; to outgo; to surpass. \ (v. t.) To rise to the top of; to go over the top of. \ (v. t.) To take off the or upper part of; to crop. \ (v. t.) To perform eminently, or better than before. \ (v. t.) To raise one end of, as a yard, so that that end becomes higher than the other. \ (n.) A stroke on the top of the ball. \ (n.) A forward spin given to the ball by hitting it on or near the top. \ (v. t.) To cover with another dye, to top aniline black with methyl violet to prevent greening and crocking. \ (v. t.) To put a stiffening piece or back on (a saw blade). \ (v. t.) To arrange, as fruit, with the best on top. \ (v. t.) To strike the top of, as a wall, with the hind feet, in jumping, so as to gain new impetus; -- said of a horse. \ (v. t.) To improve (domestic animals, esp. sheep) by crossing certain individuals or breeds with other superior. \ (v. t.) To raise one end of, so that that end becomes higher than the other. \ (v. t.) To cut, break, or otherwise take off the top of (a steel ingot) to remove unsound metal. \ (v. t.) To strike (the ball) above the center; also, to make (as a stroke) by hitting the ball in this way. \ (v. i.) To strike a ball above the center. \ (v. i.) To rise at one end; -- usually with up.
insert planning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Plan
insert somebody (n.) A person unknown or uncertain; a person indeterminate; some person. \ (n.) A person of consideration or importance.
insert celebrate v. to honor a person or event with special activities \ (v. t.) To extol or honor in a solemn manner; as, to celebrate the name of the Most High. \ (v. t.) To honor by solemn rites, by ceremonies of joy and respect, or by refraining from ordinary business; to observe duly; to keep, to celebrate a birthday. \ (v. t.) To perform or participate in, as a sacrament or solemn rite; to solemnize; to perform with appropriate rites, to celebrate a marriage.
insert shout v. to speak very loudly \ (v. i.) To utter a sudden and loud outcry, as in joy, triumph, or exultation, or to attract attention, to animate soldiers, etc. \ (v. t.) To utter with a shout; to cry; -- sometimes with out; as, to shout, or to shout out, a man's name. \ (v. t.) To treat with shouts or clamor. \ (n.) A loud burst of voice or voices; a vehement and sudden outcry, especially of a multitudes expressing joy, exultation, or animated courage. \ (v. i.) To entertain with refreshments or the like gratuitously; to treat. \ (v. t.) To treat (one) to something; also, to give (something) by way of treating. \ (n.) A gratuitous entertainment, with refreshments or the like; a treat.
insert band (v. t.) A fillet, strap, or any narrow ligament with which a thing is encircled, or fastened, or by which a number of things are tied, bound together, or confined; a fetter. \ (v. t.) A continuous tablet, stripe, or series of ornaments, as of carved foliage, of color, or of brickwork, etc. \ (v. t.) In Gothic architecture, the molding, or suite of moldings, which encircles the pillars and small shafts. \ (v. t.) That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie. \ (v. t.) A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries. \ (v. t.) Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical, legal, or academic dress. \ (v. t.) A narrow strip of cloth or other material on any article of dress, to bind, strengthen, ornament, or complete it. \ (v. t.) A company of persons united in any common design, especially a body of armed men. \ (v. t.) A number of musicians who play together upon portable musical instruments, especially those making a loud sound, as certain wind instruments (trumpets, clarinets, etc.), and drums, or cymbals. \ (v. t.) A space between elevated lines or ribs, as of the fruits of umbelliferous plants. \ (v. t.) A stripe, streak, or other mark transverse to the axis of the body. \ (v. t.) A belt or strap. \ (v. t.) A bond \ (v. t.) Pledge; security. \ (v. t.) To bind or tie with a band. \ (v. t.) To mark with a band. \ (v. t.) To unite in a troop, company, or confederacy. \ (v. i.) To confederate for some common purpose; to unite; to conspire together. \ (v. t.) To bandy; to drive away. \ imp. of Bind.
insert tool n. any instrument or device designed to help one do work \ (n.) An instrument such as a hammer, saw, plane, file, and the like, used in the manual arts, to facilitate mechanical operations; any instrument used by a craftsman or laborer at his work; an implement; as, the tools of a joiner, smith, shoe-maker, etc.; also, a cutter, chisel, or other part of an instrument or machine that dresses work. \ (n.) A machine for cutting or shaping materials; -- also called machine tool. \ (n.) Hence, any instrument of use or service. \ (n.) A weapon. \ (n.) A person used as an instrument by another person; -- a word of reproach, men of intrigue have their tools, by whose agency they accomplish their purposes. \ (v. t.) To shape, form, or finish with a tool. \ (v. t.) To drive, as a coach. \ (v. t.) To travel in a vehicle; to ride or drive.
insert safely (adv.) In a safe manner; danger, injury, loss, or evil consequences.
insert industrial (a.) Consisting in industry; pertaining to industry, or the arts and products of industry; concerning those employed in labor, especially in manual labor, and their wages, duties, and rights.
insert grip (n.) The griffin. \ (n.) A small ditch or furrow. \ (v. t.) To trench; to drain. \ (v. t.) An energetic or tenacious grasp; a holding fast; strength in grasping. \ (v. t.) A peculiar mode of clasping the hand, by which members of a secret association recognize or greet, one another; as, a masonic grip. \ (v. t.) That by which anything is grasped; a handle or gripe, the grip of a sword. \ (v. t.) A device for grasping or holding fast to something. \ (v. t.) To give a grip to; to grasp; to gripe. \ (n.) Specif., an apparatus attached to a car for clutching a traction cable. \ (n.) A gripsack; a hand bag; a satchel. \ (n.) The influenza; grippe.
insert farmer (n.) One who farms \ (n.) One who hires and cultivates a farm; a cultivator of leased ground; a tenant. \ (n.) One who is devoted to the tillage of the soil; one who cultivates a farm; an agriculturist; a husbandman. \ (n.) One who takes taxes, customs, excise, or other duties, to collect, either paying a fixed annuual rent for the privilege; as, a farmer of the revenues. \ (n.) The lord of the field, or one who farms the lot and cope of the crown.
insert believer (n.) One who believes; one who is persuaded of the truth or reality of some doctrine, person, or thing. \ (n.) One who gives credit to the truth of the Scriptures, as a revelation from God; a Christian; -- in a more restricted sense, one who receives Christ as his Savior, and accepts the way of salvation unfolded in the gospel. \ (n.) One who was admitted to all the rights of divine worship and instructed in all the mysteries of the Christian religion, in distinction from a catechumen, or one yet under instruction.
insert land v. to come to the earth from the air ("Airplanes land at airports."); n. the part of the earth not covered by water; the ground \ (n.) Urine. See Lant. \ (n.) The solid part of the surface of the earth; -- opposed to water as constituting a part of such surface, especially to oceans and seas; as, to sight land after a long voyage. \ (n.) Any portion, large or small, of the surface of the earth, considered by itself, or as belonging to an individual or a people, as a country, estate, farm, or tract. \ (n.) Ground, in respect to its nature or quality; soil, wet land; good or bad land. \ (n.) The inhabitants of a nation or people. \ (n.) The mainland, in distinction from islands. \ (n.) The ground or floor. \ (n.) The ground left unplowed between furrows; any one of several portions into which a field is divided for convenience in plowing. \ (n.) Any ground, or earth whatsoever, as meadows, pastures, woods, etc., and everything annexed to it, whether by nature, as trees, water, or by the hand of man, as buildings, fences; real estate. \ (n.) The lap of the strakes in a clinker-built boat; the lap of plates in an iron vessel; -- called also landing. \ (n.) In any surface prepared with indentations, perforations, or grooves, that part of the surface which is not so treated, as the level part of a millstone between the furrows, or the surface of the bore of a rifled gun between the grooves. \ (v. t.) To set or put on shore from a ship or other water craft; to disembark; to debark. \ (v. t.) To catch and bring to shore; to capture, to land a fish. \ (v. t.) To set down after conveying; to cause to fall, alight, or reach; to bring to the end of a course, he landed the quoit near the stake; to be thrown from a horse and landed in the mud; to land one in difficulties or mistakes. \ (v. i.) To go on shore from a ship or boat; to come to the end of a course.
insert climbing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Climb \ p. pr. & vb. n. of Climb.
insert underneath (adv.) Beneath; below; in a lower place; under; as, a channel underneath the soil. \ (prep.) Under; beneath; below.
insert sincerely (adv.) In a sincere manner. \ (adv.) Purely; without alloy. \ (adv.) Honestly; unfeignedly; without dissimulation; as, to speak one's mind sincerely; to love virtue sincerely.
insert news n. information about any recent events, especially as reported by the media \ (n) A report of recent occurences; information of something that has lately taken place, or of something before unknown; fresh tindings; recent intelligence. \ (n) Something strange or newly happened. \ (n) A bearer of news; a courier; a newspaper.
insert travel v. to go from one place to another, usually for a long distance \ (v. i.) To labor; to travail. \ (v. i.) To go or march on foot; to walk; as, to travel over the city, or through the streets. \ (v. i.) To pass by riding, or in any manner, to a distant place, or to many places; to journey, a man travels for his health; he is traveling in California. \ (v. i.) To pass; to go; to move. \ (v. t.) To journey over; to traverse, to travel the continent. \ (v. t.) To force to journey. \ (n.) The act of traveling, or journeying from place to place; a journey. \ (n.) An account, by a traveler, of occurrences and observations during a journey, a book of travels; -- often used as the title of a book, Travels in Italy. \ (n.) The length of stroke of a reciprocating piece, the travel of a slide valve. \ (n.) Labor; parturition; travail.
insert forth (adv.) Forward; onward in time, place, or order; in advance from a given point; on to end; as, from that day forth; one, two, three, and so forth. \ (adv.) Out, as from a state of concealment, retirement, confinement, nondevelopment, or the like; out into notice or view, the plants in spring put forth leaves. \ (adv.) Beyond a (certain) boundary; away; abroad; out. \ (adv.) Throughly; from beginning to end. \ (prep.) Forth from; out of. \ (n.) A way; a passage or ford.
insert kite (n.) Any raptorial bird of the subfamily Milvinae, of which many species are known. They have long wings, adapted for soaring, and usually a forked tail. \ (n.) Fig. : One who is rapacious. \ (n.) A light frame of wood or other material covered with paper or cloth, for flying in the air at the end of a string. \ (n.) A lofty sail, carried only when the wind is light. \ (n.) A quadrilateral, one of whose diagonals is an axis of symmetry. \ (n.) Fictitious commercial paper used for raising money or to sustain credit, as a check which represents no deposit in bank, or a bill of exchange not sanctioned by sale of goods; an accommodation check or bill. \ (n.) The brill. \ (v. i.) To raise money by "kites;" as, kiting transactions. See Kite, 6. \ (n.) The belly. \ (n.) A form of drag to be towed under water at any depth up to about forty fathoms, which on striking bottom is upset and rises to the surface; -- called also sentry.
insert mysterious (a.) Of or pertaining to mystery; containing a mystery; difficult or impossible to understand; obscure not revealed or explained; enigmatical; incomprehensible.
insert kitty (n.) A kitten; also, a pet name or calling name for the cat. \ (n.) The percentage taken out of a pool to pay for refreshments, or for the expenses of the table.
insert with prep. along or by the side of; together; using ("He fixed it with a tool."); having ("the house with the red door") \ (n.) See Withe. \ (prep.) With denotes or expresses some situation or relation of nearness, proximity, association, connection, or the like. \ (prep.) To denote a close or direct relation of opposition or hostility; -- equivalent to against. \ (prep.) To denote association in respect of situation or environment; hence, among; in the company of. \ (prep.) To denote a connection of friendship, support, alliance, assistance, countenance, etc., on the side of. \ (prep.) To denote the accomplishment of cause, means, instrument, etc; -- sometimes equivalent to by. \ (prep.) To denote association in thought, as for comparison or contrast. \ (prep.) To denote simultaneous happening, or immediate succession or consequence. \ (prep.) To denote having as a possession or an appendage; as, the firmament with its stars; a bride with a large fortune.
insert lesson (n.) Anything read or recited to a teacher by a pupil or learner; something, as a portion of a book, assigned to a pupil to be studied or learned at one time. \ (n.) That which is learned or taught by an express effort; instruction derived from precept, experience, observation, or deduction; a precept; a doctrine; as, to take or give a lesson in drawing. \ (n.) A portion of Scripture read in divine service for instruction, here endeth the first lesson. \ (n.) A severe lecture; reproof; rebuke; warning. \ (n.) An exercise; a composition serving an educational purpose; a study. \ (v. t.) To teach; to instruct.
insert national (a.) Of or pertaining to a nation; common to a whole people or race; public; general; as, a national government, language, dress, custom, calamity, etc. \ (a.) Attached to one's own country or nation.
insert club (n.) A heavy staff of wood, usually tapering, and wielded the hand; a weapon; a cudgel. \ (n.) Any card of the suit of cards having a figure like the trefoil or clover leaf. (pl.) The suit of cards having such figure. \ (n.) An association of persons for the promotion of some common object, as literature, science, politics, good fellowship, etc.; esp. an association supported by equal assessments or contributions of the members. \ (n.) A joint charge of expense, or any person's share of it; a contribution to a common fund. \ (v. t.) To beat with a club. \ (v. t.) To throw, or allow to fall, into confusion. \ (v. t.) To unite, or contribute, for the accomplishment of a common end; as, to club exertions. \ (v. t.) To raise, or defray, by a proportional assesment, to club the expense. \ (v. i.) To form a club; to combine for the promotion of some common object; to unite. \ (v. i.) To pay on equal or proportionate share of a common charge or expense; to pay for something by contribution. \ (v. i.) To drift in a current with an anchor out.
insert yell (v. i.) To cry out, or shriek, with a hideous noise; to cry or scream as with agony or horror. \ (v. t.) To utter or declare with a yell; to proclaim in a loud tone. \ (n.) A sharp, loud, hideous outcry.
insert are The present indicative plural of the substantive verb to be; but etymologically a different word from be, or was. Am, art, are, and is, all come from the root as. \ (n.) The unit of superficial measure, being a square of which each side is ten meters in length; 100 square meters, or about 119.6 square yards.
insert physical ad. of the body \ (a.) Of or pertaining to nature (as including all created existences); in accordance with the laws of nature; also, of or relating to natural or material things, or to the bodily structure, as opposed to things mental, moral, spiritual, or imaginary; material; natural; as, armies and navies are the physical force of a nation; the body is the physical part of man. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to physics, or natural philosophy; treating of, or relating to, the causes and connections of natural phenomena, physical science; physical laws. \ (a.) Perceptible through a bodily or material organization; cognizable by the senses; external, the physical, opposed to chemical, characters of a mineral. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to physic, or the art of medicine; medicinal; curative; healing, cathartic; purgative.
insert champion n. the best; the winner \ (v. t.) To furnish with a champion; to attend or defend as champion; to support or maintain; to protect.
insert surprised (imp. & p. p.) of Surprise
insert form v. to make; to start; to shape ("They formed a swim team."); n. a kind ("Swimming is a form of exercise.")
insert lack v. to be without; n. the condition of needing, wanting or not having \ (n.) Blame; cause of blame; fault; crime; offense. \ (n.) Deficiency; want; need; destitution; failure; as, a lack of sufficient food. \ (v. t.) To blame; to find fault with. \ (v. t.) To be without or destitute of; to want; to need. \ (v. i.) To be wanting; often, impersonally, with of, meaning, to be less than, short, not quite, etc. \ (v. i.) To be in want. \ (interj.) Exclamation of regret or surprise.
insert mineral n. a substance found in nature that is not an animal or a plant, such as coal or salt \ (v. i.) An inorganic species or substance occurring in nature, having a definite chemical composition and usually a distinct crystalline form. Rocks, except certain glassy igneous forms, are either simple minerals or aggregates of minerals. \ (v. i.) A mine. \ (v. i.) Anything which is neither animal nor vegetable, as in the most general classification of things into three kingdoms (animal, vegetable, and mineral). \ (a.) Of or pertaining to minerals; consisting of a mineral or of minerals; as, a mineral substance. \ (a.) Impregnated with minerals, mineral waters.
insert lung takes in and expels air from the body \ (n.) An organ for aerial respiration; -- commonly in the plural.
insert dad (n.) Father; -- a word sometimes used by children.
insert bone n. the hard material in the body \ (n.) The hard, calcified tissue of the skeleton of vertebrate animals, consisting very largely of calcic carbonate, calcic phosphate, and gelatine; as, blood and bone. \ (n.) One of the pieces or parts of an animal skeleton, a rib or a thigh bone; a bone of the arm or leg; also, any fragment of bony substance. (pl.) The frame or skeleton of the body. \ (n.) Anything made of bone, as a bobbin for weaving bone lace. \ (n.) Two or four pieces of bone held between the fingers and struck together to make a kind of music. \ (n.) Dice. \ (n.) Whalebone; hence, a piece of whalebone or of steel for a corset. \ (n.) Fig.: The framework of anything. \ (v. t.) To withdraw bones from the flesh of, as in cookery. \ (v. t.) To put whalebone into, to bone stays. \ (v. t.) To fertilize with bone. \ (v. t.) To steal; to take possession of. \ (v. t.) To sight along an object or set of objects, to see if it or they be level or in line, as in carpentry, masonry, and surveying.
insert quite (v. t. & i.) See Quit. \ (a.) Completely; wholly; entirely; totally; perfectly; as, the work is not quite done; the object is quite accomplished; to be quite mistaken. \ (a.) To a great extent or degree; very; very much; considerably.
insert punish v. to cause pain, suffering or loss for doing something bad or illegal \ (v. t.) To impose a penalty upon; to afflict with pain, loss, or suffering for a crime or fault, either with or without a view to the offender's amendment; to cause to suffer in retribution; to chasten; as, to punish traitors with death; a father punishes his child for willful disobedience. \ (v. t.) To inflict a penalty for (an offense) upon the offender; to repay, as a fault, crime, etc., with pain or loss, to punish murder or treason with death. \ (v. t.) To injure, as by beating; to pommel. \ (v. t.) To deal with roughly or harshly; -- chiefly used with regard to a contest, our troops punished the enemy.
insert altogether (adv.) All together; conjointly. \ (adv.) Without exception; wholly; completely.
insert clerk (n.) A clergyman or ecclesiastic. \ (n.) A man who could read; a scholar; a learned person; a man of letters. \ (n.) A parish officer, being a layman who leads in reading the responses of the Episcopal church service, and otherwise assists in it. \ (n.) One employed to keep records or accounts; a scribe; an accountant; as, the clerk of a court; a town clerk. \ (n.) An assistant in a shop or store.
insert cart (n.) A common name for various kinds of vehicles, as a Scythian dwelling on wheels, or a chariot. \ (n.) A two-wheeled vehicle for the ordinary purposes of husbandry, or for transporting bulky and heavy articles. \ (n.) A light business wagon used by bakers, grocerymen, butchers, etc. \ (n.) An open two-wheeled pleasure carriage. \ (v. t.) To carry or convey in a cart. \ (v. t.) To expose in a cart by way of punishment. \ (v. i.) To carry burdens in a cart; to follow the business of a carter.
insert novel (a.) Of recent origin or introduction; not ancient; new; hence, out of the ordinary course; unusual; strange; surprising. \ (a.) That which is new or unusual; a novelty. \ (a.) News; fresh tidings. \ (a.) A fictitious tale or narrative, professing to be conformed to real life; esp., one intended to exhibit the operation of the passions, and particularly of love. \ (a.) A new or supplemental constitution. See the Note under Novel, a.
insert direction n. the way (east, west, north, south); where someone or something came from or went to \ (n.) The act of directing, of aiming, regulating, guiding, or ordering; guidance; management; superintendence; administration; as, the direction o/ public affairs or of a bank. \ (n.) That which is imposed by directing; a guiding or authoritative instruction; prescription; order; command, he grave directions to the servants. \ (n.) The name and residence of a person to whom any thing is sent, written upon the thing sent; superscription; address, the direction of a letter. \ (n.) The line or course upon which anything is moving or aimed to move, or in which anything is lying or pointing; aim; line or point of tendency; direct line or course, the ship sailed in a southeasterly direction. \ (n.) The body of managers of a corporation or enterprise; board of directors. \ (n.) The pointing of a piece with reference to an imaginary vertical axis; -- distinguished from elevation. The direction is given when the plane of sight passes through the object.
insert moving (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Move \ (a.) Changing place or posture; causing motion or action; as, a moving car, or power. \ (a.) Exciting movement of the mind; adapted to move the sympathies, passions, or affections; touching; pathetic, a moving appeal. \ (n.) The act of changing place or posture; esp., the act of changing one's dwelling place or place of business.
insert seventh (a.) Next in order after the sixth; coming after six others. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided; as, the seventh part. \ (n.) One next in order after the sixth; one coming after six others. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by seven; one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) An interval embracing seven diatonic degrees of the scale. \ (n.) A chord which includes the interval of a seventh whether major, minor, or diminished.
insert birthday (n.) The day in which any person is born; day of origin or commencement. \ (n.) The day of the month in which a person was born, in whatever succeeding year it may recur; the anniversary of one's birth. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the day of birth, or its anniversary; as, birthday gifts or festivities.
insert badly (adv.) In a bad manner; poorly; not well; unskillfully; imperfectly; unfortunately; grievously; so as to cause harm; disagreeably; seriously.
insert find v. to discover or learn something by searching or by accident; to decide a court case ("The jury finds the man guilty of murder.") \ (v. t.) To meet with, or light upon, accidentally; to gain the first sight or knowledge of, as of something new, or unknown; hence, to fall in with, as a person. \ (v. t.) To learn by experience or trial; to perceive; to experience; to discover by the intellect or the feelings; to detect; to feel. \ (v. t.) To come upon by seeking; as, to find something lost. \ (v. t.) To discover by sounding, to find bottom. \ (v. t.) To discover by study or experiment direct to an object or end, water is found to be a compound substance. \ (v. t.) To gain, as the object of desire or effort, to find leisure; to find means. \ (v. t.) To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire. \ (v. t.) To provide for; to supply; to furnish, to find food for workemen; he finds his nephew in money. \ (v. t.) To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish, to find a verdict; to find a true bill (of indictment) against an accused person. \ (v. i.) To determine an issue of fact, and to declare such a determination to a court, the jury find for the plaintiff. \ (n.) Anything found; a discovery of anything valuable; especially, a deposit, discovered by archaeologists, of objects of prehistoric or unknown origin.
insert beer (n.) A fermented liquor made from any malted grain, but commonly from barley malt, with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor. \ (n.) A fermented extract of the roots and other parts of various plants, as spruce, ginger, sassafras, etc.
insert angry (superl.) Troublesome; vexatious; rigorous. \ (superl.) Inflamed and painful, as a sore. \ (superl.) Touched with anger; under the emotion of anger; feeling resentment; enraged; -- followed generally by with before a person, and at before a thing. \ (superl.) Showing anger; proceeding from anger; acting as if moved by anger; wearing the marks of anger; as, angry words or tones; an angry sky; angry waves. \ (superl.) Red. \ (superl.) Sharp; keen; stimulated.
insert stock (n.) The stem, or main body, of a tree or plant; the fixed, strong, firm part; the trunk. \ (n.) The stem or branch in which a graft is inserted. \ (n.) A block of wood; something fixed and solid; a pillar; a firm support; a post. \ (n.) Hence, a person who is as dull and lifeless as a stock or post; one who has little sense. \ (n.) The principal supporting part; the part in which others are inserted, or to which they are attached. \ (n.) The wood to which the barrel, lock, etc., of a musket or like firearm are secured; also, a long, rectangular piece of wood, which is an important part of several forms of gun carriage. \ (n.) The handle or contrivance by which bits are held in boring; a bitstock; a brace. \ (n.) The block of wood or metal frame which constitutes the body of a plane, and in which the plane iron is fitted; a plane stock. \ (n.) The wooden or iron crosspiece to which the shank of an anchor is attached. See Illust. of Anchor. \ (n.) The support of the block in which an anvil is fixed, or of the anvil itself. \ (n.) A handle or wrench forming a holder for the dies for cutting screws; a diestock. \ (n.) The part of a tally formerly struck in the exchequer, which was delivered to the person who had lent the king money on account, as the evidence of indebtedness. See Counterfoil. \ (n.) The original progenitor, the race or line of a family; the progenitor of a family and his direct descendants; lineage; family. \ (n.) Money or capital which an individual or a firm employs in business; fund; in the United States, the capital of a bank or other company, in the form of transferable shares, each of a certain amount; money funded in government securities, called also the public funds; in the plural, property consisting of shares in joint-stock companies, or in the obligations of a government for its funded debt; -- so in the United States, but in England the latter only are called stocks, and the former shares. \ (n.) Same as Stock account, below. \ (n.) Supply provided; store; accumulation; especially, a merchant's or manufacturer's store of goods; as, to lay in a stock of provisions. \ (n.) Domestic animals or beasts collectively, used or raised on a farm, a stock of cattle or of sheep; -- called also live stock. \ (n.) That portion of a pack of cards not distributed to the players at the beginning of certain games, as gleek, but which might be drawn from afterward as occasion required; a bank. \ (n.) A thrust with a rapier; a stoccado. \ (n.) A covering for the leg, or leg and foot, upper stocks (breeches); nether stocks (stockings). \ (n.) A kind of stiff, wide band or cravat for the neck, a silk stock. \ (n.) A frame of timber, with holes in which the feet, or the feet and hands, of criminals were formerly confined by way of punishment. \ (n.) The frame or timbers on which a ship rests while building. \ (n.) Red and gray bricks, used for the exterior of walls and the front of buildings. \ (n.) A race or variety in a species.
insert baggage (n.) The clothes, tents, utensils, and provisions of an army. \ (n.) The trunks, valises, satchels, etc., which a traveler carries with him on a journey; luggage. \ (n.) Purulent matter. \ (n.) Trashy talk. \ (n.) A man of bad character. \ (n.) A woman of loose morals; a prostitute. \ (n.) A romping, saucy girl.
insert agree v. to have the same belief as someone; to be willing to do something \ (adv.) In good part; kindly. \ (v. i.) To harmonize in opinion, statement, or action; to be in unison or concord; to be or become united or consistent; to concur; as, all parties agree in the expediency of the law. \ (v. i.) To yield assent; to accede; -- followed by to, to agree to an offer, or to opinion. \ (v. i.) To make a stipulation by way of settling differences or determining a price; to exchange promises; to come to terms or to a common resolve; to promise. \ (v. i.) To be conformable; to resemble; to coincide; to correspond, the picture does not agree with the original; the two scales agree exactly. \ (v. i.) To suit or be adapted in its effects; to do well, the same food does not agree with every constitution. \ (v. i.) To correspond in gender, number, case, or person. \ (v. t.) To make harmonious; to reconcile or make friends. \ (v. t.) To admit, or come to one mind concerning; to settle; to arrange, to agree the fact; to agree differences.
insert possibly (adv.) In a possible manner; by possible means; especially, by extreme, remote, or improbable intervention, change, or exercise of power; by a chance; perhaps; as, possibly he may recover.
insert horror (n.) A bristling up; a rising into roughness; tumultuous movement. \ (n.) A shaking, shivering, or shuddering, as in the cold fit which precedes a fever; in old medical writings, a chill of less severity than a rigor, and more marked than an algor. \ (n.) A painful emotion of fear, dread, and abhorrence; a shuddering with terror and detestation; the feeling inspired by something frightful and shocking. \ (n.) That which excites horror or dread, or is horrible; gloom; dreariness.
insert survive v. to remain alive during or after a dangerous situation \ (v. t.) To live beyond the life or existence of; to live longer than; to outlive; to outlast; as, to survive a person or an event. \ (v. i.) To remain alive; to continue to live.
insert always ad. at all times; every time \ (adv.) At all times; ever; perpetually; throughout all time; continually; as, God is always the same. \ (adv.) Constancy during a certain period, or regularly at stated intervals; invariably; uniformly; -- opposed to sometimes or occasionally.
insert style (v. t.) An instrument used by the ancients in writing on tablets covered with wax, having one of its ends sharp, and the other blunt, and somewhat expanded, for the purpose of making erasures by smoothing the wax. \ (v. t.) Hence, anything resembling the ancient style in shape or use. \ (v. t.) A pen; an author's pen. \ (v. t.) A sharp-pointed tool used in engraving; a graver. \ (v. t.) A kind of blunt-pointed surgical instrument. \ (v. t.) A long, slender, bristlelike process, as the anal styles of insects. \ (v. t.) The pin, or gnomon, of a dial, the shadow of which indicates the hour. See Gnomon. \ (v. t.) The elongated part of a pistil between the ovary and the stigma. See Illust. of Stamen, and of Pistil. \ (v. t.) Mode of expressing thought in language, whether oral or written; especially, such use of language in the expression of thought as exhibits the spirit and faculty of an artist; choice or arrangement of words in discourse; rhetorical expression. \ (v. t.) Mode of presentation, especially in music or any of the fine arts; a characteristic of peculiar mode of developing in idea or accomplishing a result. \ (v. t.) Conformity to a recognized standard; manner which is deemed elegant and appropriate, especially in social demeanor; fashion. \ (v. t.) Mode or phrase by which anything is formally designated; the title; the official designation of any important body; mode of address; as, the style of Majesty. \ (v. t.) A mode of reckoning time, with regard to the Julian and Gregorian calendars. \ (v. t.) To entitle; to term, name, or call; to denominate.
insert lily (n.) A plant and flower of the genus Lilium, endogenous bulbous plants, having a regular perianth of six colored pieces, six stamens, and a superior three-celled ovary. \ (n.) A name given to handsome flowering plants of several genera, having some resemblance in color or form to a true lily, as Pancratium, Crinum, Amaryllis, Nerine, etc. \ (n.) That end of a compass needle which should point to the north; -- so called as often ornamented with the figure of a lily or fleur-de-lis. \ (n.) A royal spade; -- usually in pl. See Royal spade, below.
insert winner (n.) One who wins, or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming.
insert rapidly (adv.) In a rapid manner.
insert glue (n.) A hard brittle brownish gelatin, obtained by boiling to a jelly the skins, hoofs, etc., of animals. When gently heated with water, it becomes viscid and tenaceous, and is used as a cement for uniting substances. The name is also given to other adhesive or viscous substances. \ (n.) To join with glue or a viscous substance; to cause to stick or hold fast, as if with glue; to fix or fasten.
insert Christmas (n.) An annual church festival (December 25) and in some States a legal holiday, in memory of the birth of Christ, often celebrated by a particular church service, and also by special gifts, greetings, and hospitality.
insert play v. to have fun; to not work; to take part in a sport; to make music on an instrument; n. a story acted in a theater \ (n.) To engage in sport or lively recreation; to exercise for the sake of amusement; to frolic; to spot. \ (n.) To act with levity or thoughtlessness; to trifle; to be careless. \ (n.) To contend, or take part, in a game; as, to play ball; hence, to gamble, he played for heavy stakes. \ (n.) To perform on an instrument of music, to play on a flute. \ (n.) To act; to behave; to practice deception. \ (n.) To move in any manner; especially, to move regularly with alternate or reciprocating motion; to operate; to act, the fountain plays. \ (n.) To move gayly; to wanton; to disport. \ (n.) To act on the stage; to personate a character. \ (v. t.) To put in action or motion, to play cannon upon a fortification; to play a trump. \ (v. t.) To perform music upon, to play the flute or the organ. \ (v. t.) To perform, as a piece of music, on an instrument, to play a waltz on the violin. \ (v. t.) To bring into sportive or wanton action; to exhibit in action; to execute, to play tricks. \ (v. t.) To act or perform (a play); to represent in music action, to play a comedy; also, to act in the character of; to represent by acting; to simulate; to behave like, to play King Lear; to play the woman. \ (v. t.) To engage in, or go together with, as a contest for amusement or for a wager or prize, to play a game at baseball. \ (v. t.) To keep in play, as a hooked fish, in order to land it. \ (n.) Amusement; sport; frolic; gambols. \ (n.) Any exercise, or series of actions, intended for amusement or diversion; a game. \ (n.) The act or practice of contending for victory, amusement, or a prize, as at dice, cards, or billiards; gaming, to lose a fortune in play. \ (n.) Action; use; employment; exercise; practice, fair play; sword play; a play of wit. \ (n.) A dramatic composition; a comedy or tragedy; a composition in which characters are represented by dialogue and action. \ (n.) The representation or exhibition of a comedy or tragedy, he attends ever play. \ (n.) Performance on an instrument of music. \ (n.) Motion; movement, regular or irregular, the play of a wheel or piston, room for motion; free and easy action. \ (n.) Hence, liberty of acting; room for enlargement or display; scope, to give full play to mirth.
insert baseball (n.) A game of ball, so called from the bases or bounds ( four in number) which designate the circuit which each player must endeavor to make after striking the ball. \ (n.) The ball used in this game.
insert exercise n. an activity or effort for the purpose of improving the body or to stay in good health \ (n.) The act of exercising; a setting in action or practicing; employment in the proper mode of activity; exertion; application; use; habitual activity; occupation, in general; practice. \ (n.) Exertion for the sake of training or improvement whether physical, intellectual, or moral; practice to acquire skill, knowledge, virtue, perfectness, grace, etc. \ (n.) Bodily exertion for the sake of keeping the organs and functions in a healthy state; hygienic activity; as, to take exercise on horseback. \ (n.) The performance of an office, a ceremony, or a religious duty. \ (n.) That which is done for the sake of exercising, practicing, training, or promoting skill, health, mental, improvement, moral discipline, etc.; that which is assigned or prescribed for such ends; hence, a disquisition; a lesson; a task, military or naval exercises; musical exercises; an exercise in composition. \ (n.) That which gives practice; a trial; a test. \ (v. t.) To set in action; to cause to act, move, or make exertion; to give employment to; to put in action habitually or constantly; to school or train; to exert repeatedly; to busy. \ (v. t.) To exert for the sake of training or improvement; to practice in order to develop, also, to improve by practice; to discipline, and to use or to for the purpose of training, to exercise arms; to exercise one's self in music; to exercise troops. \ (v. t.) To occupy the attention and effort of; to task; to tax, especially in a painful or vexatious manner; harass; to vex; to worry or make anxious; to affect, exercised with pain. \ (v. t.) To put in practice; to carry out in action; to perform the duties of; to use; to employ; to practice, to exercise authority; to exercise an office. \ (v. i.) To exercise one's self, as under military training; to drill; to take exercise; to use action or exertion; to practice gymnastics, to exercise for health or amusement.
insert drink v. to take liquid into the body through the mouth \ (v. i.) To swallow anything liquid, for quenching thirst or other purpose; to imbibe; to receive or partake of, as if in satisfaction of thirst; as, to drink from a spring. \ (v. i.) To quaff exhilarating or intoxicating liquors, in merriment or feasting; to carouse; to revel; hence, to lake alcoholic liquors to excess; to be intemperate in the /se of intoxicating or spirituous liquors; to tipple. \ (v. t.) To swallow (a liquid); to receive, as a fluid, into the stomach, to drink milk or water. \ (v. t.) To take in (a liquid), in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe. \ (v. t.) To take in; to receive within one, through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see. \ (v. t.) To smoke, as tobacco. \ (n.) Liquid to be swallowed; any fluid to be taken into the stomach for quenching thirst or for other purposes, as water, coffee, or decoctions. \ (n.) Specifically, intoxicating liquor, when drink is on, wit is out.
insert ambulance (n.) A field hospital, so organized as to follow an army in its movements, and intended to succor the wounded as soon as possible. Often used adjectively; as, an ambulance wagon; ambulance stretcher; ambulance corps. \ (n.) An ambulance wagon or cart for conveying the wounded from the field, or to a hospital.
insert mount (v.) A mass of earth, or earth and rock, rising considerably above the common surface of the surrounding land; a mountain; a high hill; -- used always instead of mountain, when put before a proper name; as, Mount Washington; otherwise, chiefly in poetry. \ (v.) A bulwark for offense or defense; a mound. \ (v.) A bank; a fund. \ (n.) To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; -- often with up. \ (n.) To get up on anything, as a platform or scaffold; especially, to seat one's self on a horse for riding. \ (n.) To attain in value; to amount. \ (v. t.) To get upon; to climb. \ (v. t.) To place one's self on, as a horse or other animal, or anything that one sits upon; to bestride. \ (v. t.) To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding; to furnish with horses. \ (v. t.) Hence: To put upon anything that sustains and fits for use, as a gun on a carriage, a map or picture on cloth or paper; to prepare for being worn or otherwise used, as a diamond by setting, or a sword blade by adding the hilt, scabbard, etc. \ (v. t.) To raise aloft; to lift on high. \ (v.) That upon which a person or thing is mounted \ (v.) A horse. \ (v.) The cardboard or cloth on which a drawing, photograph, or the like is mounted; a mounting. \ (n.) Any one of seven fleshy prominences in the palm of the hand which are taken as significant of the influence of "planets," and called the mounts of Jupiter, Mars, Mercury, the Moon, Saturn, the Sun or Apollo, and Venus.
insert interested (imp. & p. p.) of Interest \ (v. t.) Having the attention engaged; having emotion or passion excited; as, an interested listener. \ (v. t.) Having an interest; concerned in a cause or in consequences; liable to be affected or prejudiced, an interested witness.
insert driver (n.) One who, or that which, drives; the person or thing that urges or compels anything else to move onward. \ (n.) The person who drives beasts or a carriage; a coachman; a charioteer, etc.; hence, also, one who controls the movements of a locomotive. \ (n.) An overseer of a gang of slaves or gang of convicts at their work. \ (n.) A part that transmits motion to another part by contact with it, or through an intermediate relatively movable part, as a gear which drives another, or a lever which moves another through a link, etc. Specifically: \ (n.) The driving wheel of a locomotive. \ (n.) An attachment to a lathe, spindle, or face plate to turn a carrier. \ (n.) A crossbar on a grinding mill spindle to drive the upper stone. \ (n.) The after sail in a ship or bark, being a fore-and-aft sail attached to a gaff; a spanker.
insert fight v. to use violence or force; to attempt to defeat or destroy an enemy; n. the use of force; a battle \ (v. i.) To strive or contend for victory, with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat, subdue, or destroy an enemy, either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against. \ (v. i.) To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance. \ (v. t.) To carry on, or wage, as a conflict, or battle; to win or gain by struggle, as one's way; to sustain by fighting, as a cause. \ (v. t.) To contend with in battle; to war against; as, they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours. \ (v. t.) To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight, to fight cocks; to fight one's ship. \ (v. i.) A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory, between individuals or between armies, ships, or navies, etc. \ (v. i.) A struggle or contest of any kind. \ (v. i.) Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity, he has a great deal of fight in him. \ (v. i.) A screen for the combatants in ships.
insert process n. an operation or series of changes leading to a desired result \ (n.) The act of proceeding; continued forward movement; procedure; progress; advance. \ (n.) A series of actions, motions, or occurrences; progressive act or transaction; continuous operation; normal or actual course or procedure; regular proceeding; as, the process of vegetation or decomposition; a chemical process; processes of nature. \ (n.) A statement of events; a narrative. \ (n.) Any marked prominence or projecting part, especially of a bone; anapophysis. \ (n.) The whole course of proceedings in a cause real or personal, civil or criminal, from the beginning to the end of the suit; strictly, the means used for bringing the defendant into court to answer to the action; -- a generic term for writs of the class called judicial.
insert pose (a.) Standing still, with all the feet on the ground; -- said of the attitude of a lion, horse, or other beast. \ (n.) A cold in the head; catarrh. \ (v. t.) The attitude or position of a person; the position of the body or of any member of the body; especially, a position formally assumed for the sake of effect; an artificial position; as, the pose of an actor; the pose of an artist's model or of a statue. \ (v. t.) To place in an attitude or fixed position, for the sake of effect; to arrange the posture and drapery of (a person) in a studied manner, to pose a model for a picture; to pose a sitter for a portrait. \ (v. i.) To assume and maintain a studied attitude, with studied arrangement of drapery; to strike an attitude; to attitudinize; figuratively, to assume or affect a certain character, she poses as a prude. \ (v. t.) To interrogate; to question. \ (v. t.) To question with a view to puzzling; to embarrass by questioning or scrutiny; to bring to a stand.
insert smell v. to sense through the nose; n. something sensed by the nose ("the smell of food cooking") \ (n.) To perceive by the olfactory nerves, or organs of smell; to have a sensation of, excited through the nasal organs when affected by the appropriate materials or qualities; to obtain the scent of; as, to smell a rose; to smell perfumes. \ (n.) To detect or perceive, as if by the sense of smell; to scent out; -- often with out. \ (n.) To give heed to. \ (v. i.) To affect the olfactory nerves; to have an odor or scent; -- often followed by of, to smell of smoke, or of musk. \ (v. i.) To have a particular tincture or smack of any quality; to savor, a report smells of calumny. \ (v. i.) To exercise the sense of smell. \ (v. i.) To exercise sagacity. \ (v. t.) The sense or faculty by which certain qualities of bodies are perceived through the instrumentally of the olfactory nerves. See Sense. \ (v. t.) The quality of any thing or substance, or emanation therefrom, which affects the olfactory organs; odor; scent; fragrance; perfume, the smell of mint.
insert shower (n.) One who shows or exhibits. \ (n.) That which shows; a mirror. \ (n.) A fall or rain or hail of short duration; sometimes, but rarely, a like fall of snow. \ (n.) That which resembles a shower in falling or passing through the air copiously and rapidly. \ (n.) A copious supply bestowed. \ (v. t.) To water with a shower; to //t copiously with rain. \ (v. t.) To bestow liberally; to destribute or scatter in /undance; to rain. \ (v. i.) To rain in showers; to fall, as in a hower or showers.
insert sufficient (a.) Equal to the end proposed; adequate to wants; enough; ample; competent; as, provision sufficient for the family; an army sufficient to defend the country. \ (a.) Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit. \ (a.) Capable of meeting obligations; responsible. \ (a.) Self-sufficient; self-satisfied; content.
insert cutter (n.) One who cuts; as, a stone cutter; a die cutter; esp., one who cuts out garments. \ (n.) That which cuts; a machine or part of a machine, or a tool or instrument used for cutting, as that part of a mower which severs the stalk, or as a paper cutter. \ (n.) A fore tooth; an incisor. \ (n.) A boat used by ships of war. \ (n.) A fast sailing vessel with one mast, rigged in most essentials like a sloop. A cutter is narrower end deeper than a sloop of the same length, and depends for stability on a deep keel, often heavily weighted with lead. \ (n.) A small armed vessel, usually a steamer, in the revenue marine service; -- also called revenue cutter. \ (n.) A small, light one-horse sleigh. \ (n.) An officer in the exchequer who notes by cutting on the tallies the sums paid. \ (n.) A ruffian; a bravo; a destroyer. \ (n.) A kind of soft yellow brick, used for facework; -- so called from the facility with which it can be cut.
insert traffic n. the movement of people, vehicles or ships along a street, road or waterway \ (v. i.) To pass goods and commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money; to buy or sell goods; to barter; to trade. \ (v. i.) To trade meanly or mercenarily; to bargain. \ (v. t.) To exchange in traffic; to effect by a bargain or for a consideration. \ (v.) Commerce, either by barter or by buying and selling; interchange of goods and commodities; trade. \ (v.) Commodities of the market. \ (v.) The business done upon a railway, steamboat line, etc., with reference to the number of passengers or the amount of freight carried.
insert master (n.) A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as, a two-master. \ (n.) A male person having another living being so far subject to his will, that he can, in the main, control his or its actions; -- formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign, prince, or feudal noble; a chief, or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute, -- especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or other supernatural being. \ (n.) One who uses, or controls at will, anything inanimate, to be master of one's time. \ (n.) One who has attained great skill in the use or application of anything, a master of oratorical art. \ (n.) A title given by courtesy, now commonly pronounced mister, except when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister, but usually abbreviated to Mr. \ (n.) A young gentleman; a lad, or small boy. \ (n.) The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain. Also, a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign and below lieutenant; formerly, an officer on a man-of-war who had immediate charge, under the commander, of sailing the vessel. \ (n.) A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons, esp. the presiding officer; also, a person holding a similar office in other civic societies. \ (v. t.) To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue. \ (v. t.) To gain the command of, so as to understand or apply; to become an adept in, to master a science. \ (v. t.) To own; to posses. \ (v. i.) To be skillful; to excel.
insert sweater (n.) One who sweats. \ (n.) One who, or that which, causes to sweat \ (n.) A sudorific. \ (n.) A woolen jacket or jersey worn by athletes. \ (n.) An employer who oppresses his workmen by paying low wages.
insert practically (adv.) In a practical way; not theoretically; really; as, to look at things practically; practically worthless. \ (adv.) By means of practice or use; by experience or experiment, practically wise or skillful; practically acquainted with a subject. \ (adv.) In practice or use, a medicine practically safe; theoretically wrong, but practically right. \ (adv.) Almost.
insert Bible (n.) A book. \ (n.) The Book by way of eminence, -- that is, the book which is made up of the writings accepted by Christians as of divine origin and authority, whether such writings be in the original language, or translated; the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments; -- sometimes in a restricted sense, the Old Testament; as, King James's Bible; Douay Bible; Luther's Bible. Also, the book which is made up of writings similarly accepted by the Jews, a rabbinical Bible. \ (n.) A book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion, the Koran is often called the Mohammedan Bible. \ (n.) A book with an authoritative exposition of some topic, respected by many who are experts in the field.
insert comment v. to say something about; to express an opinion about something \ (v. i.) To make remarks, observations, or criticism; especially, to write notes on the works of an author, with a view to illustrate his meaning, or to explain particular passages; to write annotations; -- often followed by on or upon. \ (v. t.) To comment on. \ (n.) A remark, observation; gossip; discourse; talk. \ (n.) A note or observation intended to explain, illustrate, or criticise the meaning of a writing, book, etc.; explanation; annotation; exposition.
insert seven (a.) One more than six; six and one added; as, seven days make one week. \ (n.) The number greater by one than six; seven units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing seven units, as 7, or vii.
insert onto (prep.) On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep.
insert dead ad. not living \ (a.) Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as, a dead tree; a dead man. \ (a.) Destitute of life; inanimate, dead matter. \ (a.) Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike, a dead sleep. \ (a.) Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless, dead calm; a dead load or weight. \ (a.) So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless, a dead floor. \ (a.) Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable, dead capital; dead stock in trade. \ (a.) Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless, dead eye; dead fire; dead color, etc. \ (a.) Monotonous or unvaried, a dead level or pain; a dead wall. \ (a.) Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete, a dead shot; a dead certainty. \ (a.) Bringing death; deadly. \ (a.) Wanting in religious spirit and vitality, dead faith; dead works. \ (a.) Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect. \ (a.) Not brilliant; not rich; thus, brown is a dead color, as compared with crimson. \ (a.) Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property, one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead. \ (a.) Not imparting motion or power, the dead spindle of a lathe, etc. See Spindle. \ (adv.) To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly. \ (n.) The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose, inertness, or gloom, the dead of winter. \ (n.) One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively. \ (v. t.) To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigor. \ (v. i.) To die; to lose life or force. \ (a.) Carrying no current, or producing no useful effect; -- said of a conductor in a dynamo or motor, also of a telegraph wire which has no instrument attached and, therefore, is not in use. \ (a.) Out of play; regarded as out of the game; -- said of a ball, a piece, or a player under certain conditions in cricket, baseball, checkers, and some other games.
insert owe v. to pay or have to repay (usually money) in return for something received \ (v.) To possess; to have, as the rightful owner; to own. \ (v.) To have or possess, as something derived or bestowed; to be obliged to ascribe (something to some source); to be indebted or obliged for; as, he owed his wealth to his father; he owed his victory to his lieutenants. \ (v.) Hence: To have or be under an obigation to restore, pay, or render (something) in return or compensation for something received; to be indebted in the sum of, the subject owes allegiance; the fortunate owe assistance to the unfortunate. \ (v.) To have an obligation to (some one) on account of something done or received; to be indebted to, to iwe the grocer for supplies, or a laborer for services.
insert teacher (n.) One who teaches or instructs; one whose business or occupation is to instruct others; an instructor; a tutor. \ (n.) One who instructs others in religion; a preacher; a minister of the gospel; sometimes, one who preaches without regular ordination.
insert home n. the building where a person lives, especially with family; the place where one was born or comes from; the area or country where one lives \ (n.) See Homelyn. \ (n.) One's own dwelling place; the house in which one lives; esp., the house in which one lives with his family; the habitual abode of one's family; also, one's birthplace. \ (n.) One's native land; the place or country in which one dwells; the place where one's ancestors dwell or dwelt. \ (n.) The abiding place of the affections, especially of the domestic affections. \ (n.) The locality where a thing is usually found, or was first found, or where it is naturally abundant; habitat; seat; as, the home of the pine. \ (n.) A place of refuge and rest; an asylum, a home for outcasts; a home for the blind; hence, the grave; the final rest, the native and eternal dwelling place of the soul. \ (n.) The home base; he started for home. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to one's dwelling or country; domestic; not foreign; as home manufactures; home comforts. \ (a.) Close; personal; pointed, a home thrust. \ (adv.) To one's home or country; as in the phrases, go home, come home, carry home. \ (adv.) Close; closely. \ (adv.) To the place where it belongs; to the end of a course; to the full length, to drive a nail home; to ram a cartridge home. \ (n.) In various games, the ultimate point aimed at in a progress; goal \ (n.) The plate at which the batter stands. \ (n.) The place of a player in front of an opponent's goal, the player.
insert our ad. of or belonging to us \ (pl. ) of I \ (possessive pron.) Of or pertaining to us; belonging to us; as, our country; our rights; our troops; our endeavors. See I.
insert painter (n.) A rope at the bow of a boat, used to fasten it to anything. \ (n.) The panther, or puma. \ (n.) One whose occupation is to paint \ (n.) One who covers buildings, ships, ironwork, and the like, with paint. \ (n.) An artist who represents objects or scenes in color on a flat surface, as canvas, plaster, or the like.
insert series n. a number of similar things or events that follow one after another in time, position or order \ (n.) A number of things or events standing or succeeding in order, and connected by a like relation; sequence; order; course; a succession of things; as, a continuous series of calamitous events. \ (n.) Any comprehensive group of animals or plants including several subordinate related groups. \ (n.) An indefinite number of terms succeeding one another, each of which is derived from one or more of the preceding by a fixed law, called the law of the series, an arithmetical series; a geometrical series. \ (n.) In Engler's system of plant classification, a group of families showing certain structural or morphological relationships. It corresponds to the cohort of some writers, and to the order of many modern systematists. \ (n.) A mode of arranging the separate parts of a circuit by connecting them successively end to end to form a single path for the current; -- opposed to parallel. The parts so arranged are said to be in series. \ (n.) A parcel of rough diamonds of assorted qualities.
insert holy ad. greatly honored in religion \ (superl.) Set apart to the service or worship of God; hallowed; sacred; reserved from profane or common use; holy vessels; a holy priesthood. \ (superl.) Spiritually whole or sound; of unimpaired innocence and virtue; free from sinful affections; pure in heart; godly; pious; irreproachable; guiltless; acceptable to God.
insert refer (v. t.) To carry or send back. \ (v. t.) Hence: To send or direct away; to send or direct elsewhere, as for treatment, aid, information, decision, etc.; to make over, or pass over, to another; as, to refer a student to an author; to refer a beggar to an officer; to refer a bill to a committee; a court refers a matter of fact to a commissioner for investigation, or refers a question of law to a superior tribunal. \ (v. t.) To place in or under by a mental or rational process; to assign to, as a class, a cause, source, a motive, reason, or ground of explanation, he referred the phenomena to electrical disturbances. \ (v. i.) To have recourse; to apply; to appeal; to betake one's self, to refer to a dictionary. \ (v. i.) To have relation or reference; to relate; to point, the figure refers to a footnote. \ (v. i.) To carry the mind or thought; to direct attention, the preacher referred to the late election. \ (v. i.) To direct inquiry for information or a guarantee of any kind, as in respect to one's integrity, capacity, pecuniary ability, and the like, I referred to his employer for the truth of his story.
insert dancing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Dance \ (p. a. & vb. n.) from Dance.
insert hospital n. a place where sick or injured people are given medical care \ (n.) A place for shelter or entertainment; an inn. \ (n.) A building in which the sick, injured, or infirm are received and treated; a public or private institution founded for reception and cure, or for the refuge, of persons diseased in body or mind, or disabled, infirm, or dependent, and in which they are treated either at their own expense, or more often by charity in whole or in part; a tent, building, or other place where the sick or wounded of an army cared for. \ (a.) Hospitable.
insert police n. a government agency responsible for guarding the public, keeping order, and making sure people obey the law; members of that agency \ (n.) A judicial and executive system, for the government of a city, town, or district, for the preservation of rights, order, cleanliness, health, etc., and for the enforcement of the laws and prevention of crime; the administration of the laws and regulations of a city, incorporated town, or borough. \ (n.) That which concerns the order of the community; the internal regulation of a state. \ (n.) The organized body of civil officers in a city, whose particular duties are the preservation of good order, the prevention and detection of crime, and the enforcement of the laws. \ (n.) Military police, the body of soldiers detailed to preserve civil order and attend to sanitary arrangements in a camp or garrison. \ (n.) The cleaning of a camp or garrison, or the state \ (v. t.) To keep in order by police. \ (v. t.) To make clean; as, to police a camp. / a camp as to cleanliness.
insert prevent v. to keep or stop from going or happening \ (v. t.) To go before; to precede; hence, to go before as a guide; to direct. \ (v. t.) To be beforehand with; to anticipate. \ (v. t.) To intercept; to hinder; to frustrate; to stop; to thwart. \ (v. i.) To come before the usual time.
insert thank v. to say that one has a good feeling toward another because that person did something kind ("I want to thank you for helping me.") \ (n.) A expression of gratitude; an acknowledgment expressive of a sense of favor or kindness received; obligation, claim, or desert, or gratitude; -- now generally used in the plural. \ (n.) To express gratitude to (anyone) for a favor; to make acknowledgments to (anyone) for kindness bestowed; -- used also ironically for blame.
insert hurry v. to do or go fast \ (v. t.) To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on. \ (v. t.) To impel to precipitate or thoughtless action; to urge to confused or irregular activity. \ (v. t.) To cause to be done quickly. \ (v. i.) To move or act with haste; to proceed with celerity or precipitation; as, let us hurry. \ (n.) The act of hurrying in motion or business; pressure; urgency; bustle; confusion.
insert stage (n.) A floor or story of a house. \ (n.) An elevated platform on which an orator may speak, a play be performed, an exhibition be presented, or the like. \ (n.) A floor elevated for the convenience of mechanical work, or the like; a scaffold; a staging. \ (n.) A platform, often floating, serving as a kind of wharf. \ (n.) The floor for scenic performances; hence, the theater; the playhouse, also, the profession of representing dramatic compositions; the drama, as acted or exhibited. \ (n.) A place where anything is publicly exhibited; the scene of any noted action or carrer; the spot where any remarkable affair occurs. \ (n.) The platform of a microscope, upon which an object is placed to be viewed. See Illust. of Microscope. \ (n.) A place of rest on a regularly traveled road; a stage house; a station; a place appointed for a relay of horses. \ (n.) A degree of advancement in a journey; one of several portions into which a road or course is marked off; the distance between two places of rest on a road; as, a stage of ten miles. \ (n.) A degree of advancement in any pursuit, or of progress toward an end or result. \ (n.) A large vehicle running from station to station for the accomodation of the public; a stagecoach; an omnibus. \ (n.) One of several marked phases or periods in the development and growth of many animals and plants, the larval stage; pupa stage; zoea stage. \ (v. t.) To exhibit upon a stage, or as upon a stage; to display publicly.
insert killing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Kill \ (a.) Literally, that kills; having power to kill; fatal; in a colloquial sense, conquering; captivating; irresistible.
insert fresh ad. newly made or gathered; recent \ (superl) Possessed of original life and vigor; new and strong; unimpaired; sound. \ (superl) New; original; additional. \ (superl) Lately produced, gathered, or prepared for market; not stale; not dried or preserved; not wilted, faded, or tainted; in good condition; as, fresh vegetables, flowers, eggs, meat, fruit, etc.; recently made or obtained; occurring again; repeated, a fresh supply of goods; fresh tea, raisins; lately come or made public, fresh news; recently taken from a well or spring, fresh water. \ (superl) Youthful; florid, these fresh nymphs. \ (superl) In a raw, green, or untried state; uncultivated; uncultured; unpracticed, a fresh hand on a ship. \ (superl) Renewed in vigor, alacrity, or readiness for action, fresh for a combat; hence, tending to renew in vigor; rather strong; cool or brisk, a fresh wind. \ (superl) Not salt, fresh water, in distinction from that which is from the sea, or brackish; fresh meat, in distinction from that which is pickled or salted. \ (n.) A stream or spring of fresh water. \ (n.) A flood; a freshet. \ (n.) The mingling of fresh water with salt in rivers or bays, as by means of a flood of fresh water flowing toward or into the sea. \ (v. t.) To refresh; to freshen.
insert cowboy (n.) A cattle herder; a drover; specifically, one of an adventurous class of herders and drovers on the plains of the Western and Southwestern United States. \ (n.) One of the marauders who, in the Revolutionary War infested the neutral ground between the American and British lines, and committed depredations on the Americans.
insert additional (a.) Added; supplemental; in the way of an addition. \ (n.) Something added.
insert injury (a.) Any damage or violation of, the person, character, feelings, rights, property, or interests of an individual; that which injures, or occasions wrong, loss, damage, or detriment; harm; hurt; mischief; wrong; evil; as, his health was impaired by a severe injury; slander is an injury to the character.
insert convenient (v. i.) Fit or adapted; suitable; proper; becoming; appropriate. \ (v. i.) Affording accommodation or advantage; well adapted to use; handly; as, a convenient house; convenient implements or tools. \ (v. i.) Seasonable; timely; opportune, a convenient occasion; a convenient season. \ (v. i.) Near at hand; easy of access.
insert direct v. to lead; to aim or show the way ("He directed me to the theater."); ad. straight to something; not through some other person or thing ("The path is direct.") \ (a.) Straight; not crooked, oblique, or circuitous; leading by the short or shortest way to a point or end; as, a direct line; direct means. \ (a.) Straightforward; not of crooked ways, or swerving from truth and openness; sincere; outspoken. \ (a.) Immediate; express; plain; unambiguous. \ (a.) In the line of descent; not collateral, a descendant in the direct line. \ (a.) In the direction of the general planetary motion, or from west to east; in the order of the signs; not retrograde; -- said of the motion of a celestial body. \ (v. t.) To arrange in a direct or straight line, as against a mark, or towards a goal; to point; to aim, to direct an arrow or a piece of ordnance. \ (v. t.) To point out or show to (any one), as the direct or right course or way; to guide, as by pointing out the way, he directed me to the left-hand road. \ (v. t.) To determine the direction or course of; to cause to go on in a particular manner; to order in the way to a certain end; to regulate; to govern, to direct the affairs of a nation or the movements of an army. \ (v. t.) To point out to with authority; to instruct as a superior; to order, he directed them to go. \ (v. t.) To put a direction or address upon; to mark with the name and residence of the person to whom anything is sent; to superscribe, to direct a letter. \ (v. i.) To give direction; to point out a course; to act as guide. \ (n.) A character, thus [/], placed at the end of a staff on the line or space of the first note of the next staff, to apprise the performer of its situation. \ (a.) Pertaining to, or effected immediately by, action of the people through their votes instead of through one or more representatives or delegates, direct nomination, direct legislation.
insert bench (n.) A long seat, differing from a stool in its greater length. \ (n.) A long table at which mechanics and other work; as, a carpenter's bench. \ (n.) The seat where judges sit in court. \ (n.) The persons who sit as judges; the court, the opinion of the full bench. See King's Bench. \ (n.) A collection or group of dogs exhibited to the public; -- so named because the animals are usually placed on benches or raised platforms. \ (n.) A conformation like a bench; a long stretch of flat ground, or a kind of natural terrace, near a lake or river. \ (v. t.) To furnish with benches. \ (v. t.) To place on a bench or seat of honor. \ (v. i.) To sit on a seat of justice.
insert receipt (n.) The act of receiving; reception. \ (n.) Reception, as an act of hospitality. \ (n.) Capability of receiving; capacity. \ (n.) Place of receiving. \ (n.) Hence, a recess; a retired place. \ (n.) A formulary according to the directions of which things are to be taken or combined; a recipe; as, a receipt for making sponge cake. \ (n.) A writing acknowledging the taking or receiving of goods delivered; an acknowledgment of money paid. \ (n.) That which is received; that which comes in, in distinction from what is expended, paid out, sent away, and the like; -- usually in the plural, the receipts amounted to a thousand dollars. \ (v. t.) To give a receipt for, to receipt goods delivered by a sheriff. \ (v. t.) To put a receipt on, as by writing or stamping, to receipt a bill. \ (v. i.) To give a receipt, as for money paid.
insert base n. a military center; v. to establish as a fact ("Her research was based on experiments.")
insert original (a.) Pertaining to the origin or beginning; preceding all others; first in order; primitive; primary; pristine; as, the original state of man; the original laws of a country; the original inventor of a process. \ (a.) Not copied, imitated, or translated; new; fresh; genuine, an original thought; an original process; the original text of Scripture. \ (a.) Having the power to suggest new thoughts or combinations of thought; inventive, an original genius. \ (a.) Before unused or unknown, a book full of original matter. \ (n.) Origin; commencement; source. \ (n.) That which precedes all others of its class; archetype; first copy; hence, an original work of art, manuscript, text, and the like, as distinguished from a copy, translation, etc. \ (n.) An original thinker or writer; an originator. \ (n.) A person of marked eccentricity. \ (n.) The natural or wild species from which a domesticated or cultivated variety has been derived, the wolf is thought by some to be the original of the dog, the blackthorn the original of the plum.
insert almost ad. a little less than completely \ (adv.) Nearly; well nigh; all but; for the greatest part.
insert battery (v. t.) The act of battering or beating. \ (v. t.) The unlawful beating of another. It includes every willful, angry and violent, or negligent touching of another's person or clothes, or anything attached to his person or held by him. \ (v. t.) Any place where cannon or mortars are mounted, for attack or defense. \ (v. t.) Two or more pieces of artillery in the field. \ (v. t.) A company or division of artillery, including the gunners, guns, horses, and all equipments. In the United States, a battery of flying artillery consists usually of six guns. \ (v. t.) A number of coated jars (Leyden jars) so connected that they may be charged and discharged simultaneously. \ (v. t.) An apparatus for generating voltaic electricity. \ (v. t.) A number of similar machines or devices in position; an apparatus consisting of a set of similar parts; as, a battery of boilers, of retorts, condensers, etc. \ (v. t.) A series of stamps operated by one motive power, for crushing ores containing the precious metals. \ (v. t.) The box in which the stamps for crushing ore play up and down. \ (v. t.) The pitcher and catcher together.
insert busy ad. doing something; very active \ (a.) Engaged in some business; hard at work (either habitually or only for the time being); occupied with serious affairs; not idle nor at leisure; as, a busy merchant. \ (a.) Constantly at work; diligent; active. \ (a.) Crowded with business or activities; -- said of places and times, a busy street. \ (a.) Officious; meddling; foolish active. \ (a.) Careful; anxious. \ (v. t.) To make or keep busy; to employ; to engage or keep engaged; to occupy, to busy one's self with books.
insert blank (a.) Of a white or pale color; without color. \ (a.) Free from writing, printing, or marks; having an empty space to be filled in with some special writing; -- said of checks, official documents, etc.; as, blank paper; a blank check; a blank ballot. \ (a.) Utterly confounded or discomfited. \ (a.) Empty; void; without result; fruitless, a blank space; a blank day. \ (a.) Lacking characteristics which give variety, a blank desert; a blank wall; destitute of interests, affections, hopes, to live a blank existence; destitute of sensations, blank unconsciousness. \ (a.) Lacking animation and intelligence, or their associated characteristics, as expression of face, look; expressionless; vacant. \ (a.) Absolute; downright; unmixed, blank terror. \ (n.) Any void space; a void space on paper, or in any written instrument; an interval void of consciousness, action, result, etc; a void. \ (n.) A lot by which nothing is gained; a ticket in a lottery on which no prize is indicated. \ (n.) A paper unwritten; a paper without marks or characters a blank ballot; -- especially, a paper on which are to be inserted designated items of information, for which spaces are left vacant; a bland form. \ (n.) A paper containing the substance of a legal instrument, as a deed, release, writ, or execution, with spaces left to be filled with names, date, descriptions, etc. \ (n.) The point aimed at in a target, marked with a white spot; hence, the object to which anything is directed. \ (n.) Aim; shot; range. \ (n.) A kind of base silver money, first coined in England by Henry V., and worth about 8 pence; also, a French coin of the seventeenth century, worth about 4 pence. \ (n.) A piece of metal prepared to be made into something by a further operation, as a coin, screw, nuts. \ (n.) A piece or division of a piece, without spots, the "double blank"; the "six blank." \ (v. t.) To make void; to annul. \ (v. t.) To blanch; to make blank; to damp the spirits of; to dispirit or confuse.
insert touch v. to put the hand or fingers on \ (v. t.) To come in contact with; to hit or strike lightly against; to extend the hand, foot, or the like, so as to reach or rest on. \ (v. t.) To perceive by the sense of feeling. \ (v. t.) To come to; to reach; to attain to. \ (v. t.) To try; to prove, as with a touchstone. \ (v. t.) To relate to; to concern; to affect. \ (v. t.) To handle, speak of, or deal with; to treat of. \ (v. t.) To meddle or interfere with; as, I have not touched the books. \ (v. t.) To affect the senses or the sensibility of; to move; to melt; to soften. \ (v. t.) To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush. \ (v. t.) To infect; to affect slightly. \ (v. t.) To make an impression on; to have effect upon. \ (v. t.) To strike; to manipulate; to play on, to touch an instrument of music. \ (v. t.) To perform, as a tune; to play. \ (v. t.) To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly. \ (v. t.) To harm, afflict, or distress. \ (v. t.) To affect with insanity, especially in a slight degree; to make partially insane; -- rarely used except in the past participle. \ (v. t.) To be tangent to. See Tangent, a. \ (a.) To lay a hand upon for curing disease. \ (v. i.) To be in contact; to be in a state of junction, so that no space is between, two spheres touch only at points. \ (v. i.) To fasten; to take effect; to make impression. \ (v. i.) To treat anything in discourse, especially in a slight or casual manner; -- often with on or upon. \ (v. i.) To be brought, as a sail, so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes. \ (v.) The act of touching, or the state of being touched; contact. \ (v.) The sense by which pressure or traction exerted on the skin is recognized; the sense by which the properties of bodies are determined by contact; the tactile sense. See Tactile sense, under Tactile. \ (v.) Act or power of exciting emotion. \ (v.) An emotion or affection. \ (v.) Personal reference or application. \ (v.) A stroke, a touch of raillery; a satiric touch; hence, animadversion; censure; reproof. \ (v.) A single stroke on a drawing or a picture. \ (v.) Feature; lineament; trait. \ (v.) The act of the hand on a musical instrument; bence, in the plural, musical notes. \ (v.) A small quantity intermixed; a little; a dash. \ (v.) A hint; a suggestion; slight notice. \ (v.) A slight and brief essay. \ (v.) A touchstone, stone of the sort used for touchstone. \ (v.) Hence, examination or trial by some decisive standard; test; proof; tried quality. \ (v.) The particular or characteristic mode of action, or the resistance of the keys of an instrument to the fingers, a heavy touch, or a light touch; also, the manner of touching, striking, or pressing the keys of a piano, a legato touch; a staccato touch. \ (v.) The broadest part of a plank worked top and but (see Top and but, under Top, n.), or of one worked anchor-stock fashion (that is, tapered from the middle to both ends), the angles of the stern timbers at the counters. \ (n.) A boys' game; tag.
insert mate v. to bring together a male and a female to create another creature \ (n.) The Paraguay tea, being the dried leaf of the Brazilian holly (Ilex Paraguensis). The infusion has a pleasant odor, with an agreeable bitter taste, and is much used for tea in South America. \ (n.) Same as Checkmate. \ (a.) See 2d Mat. \ (v. t.) To confuse; to confound. \ (v. t.) To checkmate. \ (n.) One who customarily associates with another; a companion; an associate; any object which is associated or combined with a similar object. \ (n.) Hence, specifically, a husband or wife; and among the lower animals, one of a pair associated for propagation and the care of their young. \ (n.) A suitable companion; a match; an equal. \ (n.) An officer in a merchant vessel ranking next below the captain. If there are more than one bearing the title, they are called, respectively, first mate, second mate, third mate, etc. In the navy, a subordinate officer or assistant; as, master's mate; surgeon's mate. \ (v. t.) To match; to marry. \ (v. t.) To match one's self against; to oppose as equal; to compete with. \ (v. i.) To be or become a mate or mates, especially in sexual companionship, some birds mate for life; this bird will not mate with that one.
insert career (n.) A race course: the ground run over. \ (n.) A running; full speed; a rapid course. \ (n.) General course of action or conduct in life, or in a particular part or calling in life, or in some special undertaking; usually applied to course or conduct which is of a public character; as, Washington's career as a soldier. \ (n.) The flight of a hawk. \ (v. i.) To move or run rapidly.
insert schedule (n.) A written or printed scroll or sheet of paper; a document; especially, a formal list or inventory; a list or catalogue annexed to a larger document, as to a will, a lease, a statute, etc. \ (v. t.) To form into, or place in, a schedule.
insert these pro. of or about the people, places or things nearby that have been spoken about already \ (pron.) The plural of this. See This. \ (pl. ) of This
insert trunk (n.) The stem, or body, of a tree, apart from its limbs and roots; the main stem, without the branches; stock; stalk. \ (n.) The body of an animal, apart from the head and limbs. \ (n.) The main body of anything; as, the trunk of a vein or of an artery, as distinct from the branches. \ (n.) That part of a pilaster which is between the base and the capital, corresponding to the shaft of a column. \ (n.) That segment of the body of an insect which is between the head and abdomen, and bears the wings and legs; the thorax; the truncus. \ (n.) The proboscis of an elephant. \ (n.) The proboscis of an insect. \ (n.) A long tube through which pellets of clay, p/as, etc., are driven by the force of the breath. \ (n.) A box or chest usually covered with leather, metal, or cloth, or sometimes made of leather, hide, or metal, for containing clothes or other goods; especially, one used to convey the effects of a traveler. \ (n.) A flume or sluice in which ores are separated from the slimes in which they are contained. \ (n.) A large pipe forming the piston rod of a steam engine, of sufficient diameter to allow one end of the connecting rod to be attached to the crank, and the other end to pass within the pipe directly to the piston, thus making the engine more compact. \ (n.) A long, large box, pipe, or conductor, made of plank or metal plates, for various uses, as for conveying air to a mine or to a furnace, water to a mill, grain to an elevator, etc. \ (v. t.) To lop off; to curtail; to truncate; to maim. \ (v. t.) To extract (ores) from the slimes in which they are contained, by means of a trunk. See Trunk, n., 9.
insert increase v. to make more in size or amount \ (v. i.) To become greater or more in size, quantity, number, degree, value, intensity, power, authority, reputation, wealth; to grow; to augment; to advance; -- opposed to decrease. \ (v. i.) To multiply by the production of young; to be fertile, fruitful, or prolific. \ (v. i.) To become more nearly full; to show more of the surface; to wax; as, the moon increases. \ (v. t.) To augment or make greater in bulk, extent, or amount, etc.; to add to; to extend; to lengthen; to enhance; to aggravate, to increase one's possessions, influence. \ (v. i.) Addition or enlargement in size, substance; augmentation; growth. \ (v. i.) That which is added to the original stock by augmentation or growth; produce; profit; interest. \ (v. i.) Progeny; issue; offspring. \ (v. i.) Generation. \ (v. i.) The period of increasing light, or luminous phase; the waxing; -- said of the moon.
insert muscle (n.) An organ which, by its contraction, produces motion. \ (n.) The contractile tissue of which muscles are largely made up. \ (n.) Muscular strength or development; as, to show one's muscle by lifting a heavy weight. \ (n.) See Mussel.
insert wise ad. having much knowledge and understanding; able to use knowledge and understanding to make good or correct decisions \ (v.) Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned. \ (v.) Hence, especially, making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false, proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious. \ (v.) Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically, skilled in divination. \ (v.) Hence, prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty. \ (v.) Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as, a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination. \ (v.) Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
insert sportsman (n.) One who pursues the sports of the field; one who hunts, fishes, etc.
insert label (n.) A tassel. \ (n.) A slip of silk, paper, parchment, etc., affixed to anything, usually by an inscription, the contents, ownership, destination; as, the label of a bottle or a package. \ (n.) A slip of ribbon, attached to a document to hold the appended seal; also, the seal. \ (n.) A writing annexed by way of addition, as a codicil added to a will. \ (n.) A barrulet, or, rarely, a bendlet, with pendants, or points, usually three, especially used as a mark of cadency to distinguish an eldest or only son while his father is still living. \ (n.) A brass rule with sights, formerly used, in connection with a circumferentor, to take altitudes. \ (n.) The name now generally given to the projecting molding by the sides, and over the tops, of openings in mediaeval architecture. It always has a /quare form, as in the illustration. \ (n.) In mediaeval art, the representation of a band or scroll containing an inscription. \ (v. t.) To affix a label to; to mark with a name, to label a bottle or a package. \ (v. t.) To affix in or on a label.
insert project n. a planned effort to do something \ (n.) The place from which a thing projects, or starts forth. \ (n.) That which is projected or designed; something intended or devised; a scheme; a design; a plan. \ (n.) An idle scheme; an impracticable design; as, a man given to projects. \ (v. t.) To throw or cast forward; to shoot forth. \ (v. t.) To cast forward or revolve in the mind; to contrive; to devise; to scheme, to project a plan. \ (v. t.) To draw or exhibit, as the form of anything; to delineate, to project a sphere, a map, an ellipse, and the like; -- sometimes with on, upon, into, etc., to project a line or point upon a plane. See Projection, 4. \ (v. i.) To shoot forward; to extend beyond something else; to be prominent; to jut, the cornice projects; branches project from the tree. \ (v. i.) To form a project; to scheme.
insert admit v. to accept ("admitted to the United Nations"); to express one's guilt or responsibility ("He admitted that what he did was wrong.") \ (v. t.) To suffer to enter; to grant entrance, whether into a place, or into the mind, or consideration; to receive; to take; as, they were into his house; to admit a serious thought into the mind; to admit evidence in the trial of a cause. \ (v. t.) To give a right of entrance, a ticket admits one into a playhouse. \ (v. t.) To allow (one) to enter on an office or to enjoy a privilege; to recognize as qualified for a franchise, to admit an attorney to practice law; the prisoner was admitted to bail. \ (v. t.) To concede as true; to acknowledge or assent to, as an allegation which it is impossible to deny; to own or confess, the argument or fact is admitted; he admitted his guilt. \ (v. t.) To be capable of; to permit, the words do not admit such a construction. In this sense, of may be used after the verb, or may be omitted.
insert enjoy v. to be pleased or satisfied by something \ (v. t.) To take pleasure or satisfaction in the possession or experience of; to feel or perceive with pleasure; to be delighted with; as, to enjoy the dainties of a feast; to enjoy conversation. \ (v. t.) To have, possess, and use with satisfaction; to occupy or have the benefit of, as a good or profitable thing, or as something desirable, to enjoy a free constitution and religious liberty. \ (v. t.) To have sexual intercourse with. \ (v. i.) To take satisfaction; to live in happiness.
insert comb (n.) An instrument with teeth, for straightening, cleansing, and adjusting the hair, or for keeping it in place. \ (n.) An instrument for currying hairy animals, or cleansing and smoothing their coats; a currycomb. \ (n.) A toothed instrument used for separating and cleansing wool, flax, hair, etc. \ (n.) The serrated vibratory doffing knife of a carding machine. \ (n.) A former, commonly cone-shaped, used in hat manufacturing for hardening the soft fiber into a bat. \ (n.) A tool with teeth, used for chasing screws on work in a lathe; a chaser. \ (n.) The notched scale of a wire micrometer. \ (n.) The collector of an electrical machine, usually resembling a comb. \ (n.) The naked fleshy crest or caruncle on the upper part of the bill or hood of a cock or other bird. It is usually red. \ (n.) One of a pair of peculiar organs on the base of the abdomen of scorpions. \ (n.) The curling crest of a wave. \ (n.) The waxen framework forming the walls of the cells in which bees store their honey, eggs, etc.; honeycomb. \ (n.) The thumbpiece of the hammer of a gunlock, by which it may be cocked. \ (v. t.) To disentangle, cleanse, or adjust, with a comb; to lay smooth and straight with, or as with, a comb; as, to comb hair or wool. See under Combing. \ (n.) To roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves. \ (n.) Alt. of Combe \ (n.) A dry measure. See Coomb.
insert courage (n.) The heart; spirit; temper; disposition. \ (n.) Heart; inclination; desire; will. \ (n.) That quality of mind which enables one to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness, or without fear, or fainting of heart; valor; boldness; resolution.
insert here ad. in, to or at this place \ (pron. pl.) Of them; their. \ (n.) Hair. \ (pron.) See Her, their. \ (pron.) Her; hers. See Her. \ (adv.) In this place; in the place where the speaker is; -- opposed to there. \ (adv.) In the present life or state. \ (adv.) To or into this place; hither. [Colloq.] See Thither. \ (adv.) At this point of time, or of an argument; now.
insert tend (v. t.) To make a tender of; to offer or tender. \ (v. t.) To accompany as an assistant or protector; to care for the wants of; to look after; to watch; to guard; as, shepherds tend their flocks. \ (v. t.) To be attentive to; to note carefully; to attend to. \ (v. i.) To wait, as attendants or servants; to serve; to attend; -- with on or upon. \ (v. i.) To await; to expect. \ (a.) To move in a certain direction; -- usually with to or towards. \ (a.) To be directed, as to any end, object, or purpose; to aim; to have or give a leaning; to exert activity or influence; to serve as a means; to contribute, our petitions, if granted, might tend to our destruction.
insert real ad. true; truly existing; not false \ (n.) A small Spanish silver coin; also, a denomination of money of account, formerly the unit of the Spanish monetary system. \ (a.) Royal; regal; kingly. \ (a.) Actually being or existing; not fictitious or imaginary; as, a description of real life. \ (a.) True; genuine; not artificial, counterfeit, or factitious; often opposed to ostensible, the real reason; real Madeira wine; real ginger. \ (a.) Relating to things, not to persons. \ (a.) Having an assignable arithmetical or numerical value or meaning; not imaginary. \ (a.) Pertaining to things fixed, permanent, or immovable, as to lands and tenements, real property, in distinction from personal or movable property. \ (n.) A realist.
insert union (n.) The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one, or the state of being united or joined; junction; coalition; combination. \ (n.) Agreement and conjunction of mind, spirit, will, affections, or the like; harmony; concord. \ (n.) That which is united, or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league; as, the weavers have formed a union; trades unions have become very numerous; the United States of America are often called the Union. \ (n.) A textile fabric composed of two or more materials, as cotton, silk, wool, etc., woven together. \ (n.) A large, fine pearl. \ (n.) A device emblematic of union, used on a national flag or ensign, sometimes, as in the military standard of Great Britain, covering the whole field, as in the flag of the United States, and the English naval and marine flag, occupying the upper inner corner, the rest of the flag being called the fly. Also, a flag having such a device; especially, the flag of Great Britain. \ (n.) A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery, as the elastic pipe of a tender connecting it with the feed pipe of a locomotive engine, a pipe fitting for connecting pipes, or pipes and fittings, in such a way as to facilitate disconnection. \ (n.) A cask suspended on trunnions, in which fermentation is carried on.
insert mankind (n.) The human race; man, taken collectively. \ (n.) Men, as distinguished from women; the male portion of human race. \ (n.) Human feelings; humanity. \ (a.) Manlike; not womanly; masculine; bold; cruel.
insert freezer (n.) One who, or that which, cools or freezes, as a refrigerator, or the tub and can used in the process of freezing ice cream.
insert properly (adv.) In a proper manner; suitably; fitly; strictly; rightly; as, a word properly applied; a dress properly adjusted. \ (adv.) Individually; after one's own manner.
insert praise v. to say good things about; to approve \ (v.) To commend; to applaud; to express approbation of; to laud; -- applied to a person or his acts. \ (v.) To extol in words or song; to magnify; to glorify on account of perfections or excellent works; to do honor to; to display the excellence of; -- applied especially to the Divine Being. \ (v.) To value; to appraise. \ (v.) Commendation for worth; approval expressed; honor rendered because of excellence or worth; laudation; approbation. \ (v.) Especially, the joyful tribute of gratitude or homage rendered to the Divine Being; the act of glorifying or extolling the Creator; worship, particularly worship by song, distinction from prayer and other acts of worship; as, a service of praise. \ (v.) The object, ground, or reason of praise.
insert him (pron.) Them. See Hem. \ (pron.) The objective case of he. See He.
insert defense (n.) Alt. of Defence \ (v. t.) To furnish with defenses; to fortify.
insert traveler (n.) One who travels; one who has traveled much. \ (n.) A commercial agent who travels for the purpose of receiving orders for merchants, making collections, etc. \ (n.) A traveling crane. See under Crane. \ (n.) The metal loop which travels around the ring surrounding the bobbin, in a ring spinner. \ (n.) An iron encircling a rope, bar, spar, or the like, and sliding thereon.
insert ring (v. t.) To cause to sound, especially by striking, as a metallic body; as, to ring a bell. \ (v. t.) To make (a sound), as by ringing a bell; to sound. \ (v. t.) To repeat often, loudly, or earnestly. \ (v. i.) To sound, as a bell or other sonorous body, particularly a metallic one. \ (v. i.) To practice making music with bells. \ (v. i.) To sound loud; to resound; to be filled with a ringing or reverberating sound. \ (v. i.) To continue to sound or vibrate; to resound. \ (v. i.) To be filled with report or talk, the whole town rings with his fame. \ (n.) A sound; especially, the sound of vibrating metals, the ring of a bell. \ (n.) Any loud sound; the sound of numerous voices; a sound continued, repeated, or reverberated. \ (n.) A chime, or set of bells harmonically tuned. \ (n.) A circle, or a circular line, or anything in the form of a circular line or hoop. \ (n.) Specifically, a circular ornament of gold or other precious material worn on the finger, or attached to the ear, the nose, or some other part of the person, a wedding ring. \ (n.) A circular area in which races are or run or other sports are performed; an arena. \ (n.) An inclosed space in which pugilists fight; hence, figuratively, prize fighting. \ (n.) A circular group of persons. \ (n.) The plane figure included between the circumferences of two concentric circles. \ (n.) The solid generated by the revolution of a circle, or other figure, about an exterior straight line (as an axis) lying in the same plane as the circle or other figure. \ (n.) An instrument, formerly used for taking the sun's altitude, consisting of a brass ring suspended by a swivel, with a hole at one side through which a solar ray entering indicated the altitude on the graduated inner surface opposite. \ (n.) An elastic band partly or wholly encircling the spore cases of ferns. See Illust. of Sporangium. \ (n.) A clique; an exclusive combination of persons for a selfish purpose, as to control the market, distribute offices, obtain contracts, etc. \ (v. t.) To surround with a ring, or as with a ring; to encircle. \ (v. t.) To make a ring around by cutting away the bark; to girdle, to ring branches or roots. \ (v. t.) To fit with a ring or with rings, as the fingers, or a swine's snout. \ (v. i.) To rise in the air spirally.
insert ant (n.) A hymenopterous insect of the Linnaean genus Formica, which is now made a family of several genera; an emmet; a pismire.
insert who pro. what or which person or persons that ("Who wants to go?"); the person or persons ("They are the ones who want to go.") \ (object.) Originally, an interrogative pronoun, later, a relative pronoun also; -- used always substantively, and either as singular or plural. See the Note under What, pron., 1. As interrogative pronouns, who and whom ask the question: What or which person or persons? Who and whom, as relative pronouns (in the sense of that), are properly used of persons (corresponding to which, as applied to things), but are sometimes, less properly and now rarely, used of animals, plants, etc. Who and whom, as compound relatives, are also used especially of persons, meaning the person that; the persons that; the one that; whosoever. \ (pron.) One; any; one.
insert lay (imp.) of Lie, to recline. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the laity, as distinct from the clergy; as, a lay person; a lay preacher; a lay brother. \ (a.) Not educated or cultivated; ignorant. \ (a.) Not belonging to, or emanating from, a particular profession; unprofessional, a lay opinion regarding the nature of a disease. \ (n.) The laity; the common people. \ (n.) A meadow. See Lea. \ (n.) Faith; creed; religious profession. \ (n.) A law. \ (n.) An obligation; a vow. \ (a.) A song; a simple lyrical poem; a ballad. \ (a.) A melody; any musical utterance. \ (v. t.) To cause to lie down, to be prostrate, or to lie against something; to put or set down; to deposit, to lay a book on the table; to lay a body in the grave; a shower lays the dust. \ (v. t.) To place in position; to establish firmly; to arrange with regularity; to dispose in ranks or tiers, to lay a corner stone; to lay bricks in a wall; to lay the covers on a table. \ (v. t.) To prepare; to make ready; to contrive; to provide, to lay a snare, an ambush, or a plan. \ (v. t.) To spread on a surface, to lay plaster or paint. \ (v. t.) To cause to be still; to calm; to allay; to suppress; to exorcise, as an evil spirit. \ (v. t.) To cause to lie dead or dying. \ (v. t.) To deposit, as a wager; to stake; to risk. \ (v. t.) To bring forth and deposit, to lay eggs. \ (v. t.) To apply; to put. \ (v. t.) To impose, as a burden, suffering, or punishment; to assess, as a tax, to lay a tax on land. \ (v. t.) To impute; to charge; to allege. \ (v. t.) To impose, as a command or a duty, to lay commands on one. \ (v. t.) To present or offer, to lay an indictment in a particular county; to lay a scheme before one. \ (v. t.) To state; to allege, to lay the venue. \ (v. t.) To point; to aim, to lay a gun. \ (v. t.) To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them, to lay a cable or rope. \ (v. t.) To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone. \ (v. t.) To place (new type) properly in the cases. \ (v. i.) To produce and deposit eggs. \ (v. i.) To take a position; to come or go, to lay forward; to lay aloft. \ (v. i.) To lay a wager; to bet. \ (n.) That which lies or is laid or is conceived of as having been laid or placed in its position; a row; a stratum; a layer, a lay of stone or wood. \ (v. t.) A wager. \ (v. t.) A job, price, or profit. \ (v. t.) A share of the proceeds or profits of an enterprise, when a man ships for a whaling voyage, he agrees for a certain lay. \ (v. t.) A measure of yarn; a lea. See 1st Lea (a). \ (v. t.) The lathe of a loom. See Lathe, 3. \ (v. t.) A plan; a scheme. \ (imp.) of Lie
insert own v. to have or possess for oneself \ (v. t.) To grant; to acknowledge; to admit to be true; to confess; to recognize in a particular character; as, we own that we have forfeited your love. \ (a.) Belonging to; belonging exclusively or especially to; peculiar; -- most frequently following a possessive pronoun, as my, our, thy, your, his, her, its, their, in order to emphasize or intensify the idea of property, peculiar interest, or exclusive ownership, my own father; my own composition; my own idea; at my own price. \ (a.) To hold as property; to have a legal or rightful title to; to be the proprietor or possessor of; to possess, to own a house.
insert children n. more than one child \ (pl. ) of Child \ (n.) pl. of Child.
insert strong ad. having much power; not easily broken, damaged or destroyed \ (superl.) Having active physical power, or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous. \ (superl.) Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as, a strong constitution; strong health. \ (superl.) Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken, a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town. \ (superl.) Having great military or naval force; powerful, a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea. \ (superl.) Having great wealth, means, or resources, a strong house, or company of merchants. \ (superl.) Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers, an army ten thousand strong. \ (superl.) Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous, a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide. \ (superl.) Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; cogent, a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language. \ (superl.) Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged, a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory. \ (superl.) Having virtues of great efficacy; or, having a particular quality in a great degree, a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee. \ (superl.) Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating, strong liquors. \ (superl.) Affecting any sense powerfully, strong light, colors, etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent. \ (superl.) Solid; nourishing, strong meat. \ (superl.) Well established; not easily overthrown or altered, a strong custom; a strong belief. \ (superl.) Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent. \ (superl.) Having great force, vigor, power, or the like, as the mind, intellect, or any faculty, a man of a strong mind, memory, judgment, or imagination. \ (superl.) Vigorous; effective; powerful. \ (superl.) Tending to higher prices; rising, a strong market. \ (superl.) Pertaining to, or designating, a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel, and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive, strove, striven; break, broke, broken; drink, drank, drunk. Opposed to weak, or regular. See Weak. \ (superl.) Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon, which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly, and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform, or are irregular.
insert new ad. not existing before; not known before; recently made, built, bought or grown; another; different \ (superl.) Having existed, or having been made, but a short time; having originated or occured lately; having recently come into existence, or into one's possession; not early or long in being; of late origin; recent; fresh; modern; -- opposed to old, as, a new coat; a new house; a new book; a new fashion. \ (superl.) Not before seen or known, although existing before; lately manifested; recently discovered, a new metal; a new planet; new scenes. \ (superl.) Newly beginning or recurring; starting anew; now commencing; different from has been, a new year; a new course or direction. \ (superl.) As if lately begun or made; having the state or quality of original freshness; also, changed for the better; renovated; unworn; untried; unspent, rest and travel made him a new man. \ (superl.) Not of ancient extraction, or of a family of ancient descent; not previously kniwn or famous. \ (superl.) Not habituated; not familiar; unaccustomed. \ (superl.) Fresh from anything; newly come. \ (adv.) Newly; recently. \ (v. t. & i.) To make new; to renew.
insert bake (v. t.) To prepare, as food, by cooking in a dry heat, either in an oven or under coals, or on heated stone or metal; as, to bake bread, meat, apples. \ (v. t.) To dry or harden (anything) by subjecting to heat, to bake bricks; the sun bakes the ground. \ (v. t.) To harden by cold. \ (v. i.) To do the work of baking something, she brews, washes, and bakes. \ (v. i.) To be baked; to become dry and hard in heat, the bread bakes; the ground bakes in the hot sun. \ (n.) The process, or result, of baking.
insert fault (n.) Defect; want; lack; default. \ (n.) Anything that fails, that is wanting, or that impairs excellence; a failing; a defect; a blemish. \ (n.) A moral failing; a defect or dereliction from duty; a deviation from propriety; an offense less serious than a crime. \ (n.) A dislocation of the strata of the vein. \ (n.) In coal seams, coal rendered worthless by impurities in the seam; as, slate fault, dirt fault, etc. \ (n.) A lost scent; act of losing the scent. \ (n.) Failure to serve the ball into the proper court. \ (v. t.) To charge with a fault; to accuse; to find fault with; to blame. \ (v. t.) To interrupt the continuity of (rock strata) by displacement along a plane of fracture; -- chiefly used in the p. p., the coal beds are badly faulted. \ (v. i.) To err; to blunder, to commit a fault; to do wrong. \ (n.) A defective point in an electric circuit due to a crossing of the parts of the conductor, or to contact with another conductor or the earth, or to a break in the circuit. \ (n.) A dislocation caused by a slipping of rock masses along a plane of facture; also, the dislocated structure resulting from such slipping.
insert arrive v. to come to a place, especially at the end of a trip \ (v. i.) To come to the shore or bank. In present usage: To come in progress by water, or by traveling on land; to reach by water or by land; -- followed by at (formerly sometimes by to), also by in and from. \ (v. i.) To reach a point by progressive motion; to gain or compass an object by effort, practice, study, inquiry, reasoning, or experiment. \ (v. i.) To come; said of time; as, the time arrived. \ (v. i.) To happen or occur. \ (v. t.) To bring to shore. \ (v. t.) To reach; to come to. \ (n.) Arrival.
insert sexual (a.) Of or pertaining to sex, or the sexes; distinguishing sex; peculiar to the distinction and office of male or female; relating to the distinctive genital organs of the sexes; proceeding from, or based upon, sex; as, sexual characteristics; sexual intercourse, connection, or commerce; sexual desire; sexual diseases; sexual generation.
insert sauce (n.) A composition of condiments and appetizing ingredients eaten with food as a relish; especially, a dressing for meat or fish or for puddings; as, mint sauce; sweet sauce, etc. \ (n.) Any garden vegetables eaten with meat. \ (n.) Stewed or preserved fruit eaten with other food as a relish, apple sauce, cranberry sauce, etc. \ (n.) Sauciness; impertinence. \ (v. t.) To accompany with something intended to give a higher relish; to supply with appetizing condiments; to season; to flavor. \ (v. t.) To cause to relish anything, as if with a sauce; to tickle or gratify, as the palate; to please; to stimulate; hence, to cover, mingle, or dress, as if with sauce; to make an application to. \ (v. t.) To make poignant; to give zest, flavor or interest to; to set off; to vary and render attractive. \ (v. t.) To treat with bitter, pert, or tart language; to be impudent or saucy to. \ (n.) A soft crayon for use in stump drawing or in shading with the stump.
insert casual (a.) Happening or coming to pass without design, and without being foreseen or expected; accidental; fortuitous; coming by chance. \ (a.) Coming without regularity; occasional; incidental; as, casual expenses. \ (n.) One who receives relief for a night in a parish to which he does not belong; a vagrant.
insert by conj. near; at; next to ("by the road"); from ("a play by William Shakespeare"); not later than ("by midnight") \ (pref.) In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to; along with; as, come and sit by me. \ (pref.) On; along; in traversing. Compare 5. \ (pref.) Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of; past, to go by a church. \ (pref.) Used in specifying adjacent dimensions, a cabin twenty feet by forty. \ (pref.) Against. \ (pref.) With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of; through; through the act or agency of, a city is destroyed by fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force. \ (adv.) Near; in the neighborhood; present, there was no person by at the time. \ (adv.) Passing near; going past; beyond, the procession has gone by; a bird flew by. \ (adv.) Aside, to lay by; to put by. \ (a.) Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice, by-line, by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in composition than it is now, by-business, by-concernment, by-design, by-interest
insert sing v. to make music sounds with the voice \ (v. i.) To utter sounds with musical inflections or melodious modulations of voice, as fancy may dictate, or according to the notes of a song or tune, or of a given part (as alto, tenor, etc.) in a chorus or concerted piece. \ (v. i.) To utter sweet melodious sounds, as birds do. \ (v. i.) To make a small, shrill sound; as, the air sings in passing through a crevice. \ (v. i.) To tell or relate something in numbers or verse; to celebrate something in poetry. \ (v. i.) Ti cry out; to complain. \ (v. t.) To utter with musical infections or modulations of voice. \ (v. t.) To celebrate is song; to give praises to in verse; to relate or rehearse in numbers, verse, or poetry. \ (v. t.) To influence by singing; to lull by singing, to sing a child to sleep. \ (v. t.) To accompany, or attend on, with singing.
insert awake ad. not sleeping \ (v. t.) To rouse from sleep; to wake; to awaken. \ (v. t.) To rouse from a state resembling sleep, as from death, stupidity., or inaction; to put into action; to give new life to; to stir up; as, to awake the dead; to awake the dormant faculties. \ (v. i.) To cease to sleep; to come out of a state of natural sleep; and, figuratively, out of a state resembling sleep, as inaction or death. \ (a.) Not sleeping or lethargic; roused from sleep; in a state of vigilance or action.
insert character (n.) A distinctive mark; a letter, figure, or symbol. \ (n.) Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the peculiar form of letters used by a particular person or people; as, an inscription in the Runic character. \ (n.) The peculiar quality, or the sum of qualities, by which a person or a thing is distinguished from others; the stamp impressed by nature, education, or habit; that which a person or thing really is; nature; disposition. \ (n.) Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality, he has a great deal of character. \ (n.) Moral quality; the principles and motives that control the life, a man of character; his character saves him from suspicion. \ (n.) Quality, position, rank, or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty, in the miserable character of a slave; in his character as a magistrate; her character as a daughter. \ (n.) The estimate, individual or general, put upon a person or thing; reputation, a man's character for truth and veracity; to give one a bad character. \ (n.) A written statement as to behavior, competency, etc., given to a servant. \ (n.) A unique or extraordinary individuality; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits; a person who illustrates certain phases of character, Randolph was a character; Caesar is a great historical character. \ (n.) One of the persons of a drama or novel. \ (v. t.) To engrave; to inscribe. \ (v. t.) To distinguish by particular marks or traits; to describe; to characterize.
insert light n. a form of energy that affects the eyes so that one is able to see; anything that produces light; ad. bright; clear; not heavy
insert merely (adv.) Purely; unmixedly; absolutely. \ (adv.) Not otherwise than; simply; barely; only.
insert first ad. coming before all others \ (a.) Preceding all others of a series or kind; the ordinal of one; earliest; as, the first day of a month; the first year of a reign. \ (a.) Foremost; in front of, or in advance of, all others. \ (a.) Most eminent or exalted; most excellent; chief; highest, Demosthenes was the first orator of Greece. \ (adv.) Before any other person or thing in time, space, rank, etc.; -- much used in composition with adjectives and participles. \ (n.) The upper part of a duet, trio, either vocal or instrumental; -- so called because it generally expresses the air, and has a preeminence in the combined effect.
insert circle n. a closed shape that has all its points equally distant from the center, like an "O" \ (n.) A plane figure, bounded by a single curve line called its circumference, every part of which is equally distant from a point within it, called the center. \ (n.) The line that bounds such a figure; a circumference; a ring. \ (n.) An instrument of observation, the graduated limb of which consists of an entire circle. \ (n.) A round body; a sphere; an orb. \ (n.) Compass; circuit; inclosure. \ (n.) A company assembled, or conceived to assemble, about a central point of interest, or bound by a common tie; a class or division of society; a coterie; a set. \ (n.) A circular group of persons; a ring. \ (n.) A series ending where it begins, and repeating itself. \ (n.) A form of argument in which two or more unproved statements are used to prove each other; inconclusive reasoning. \ (n.) Indirect form of words; circumlocution. \ (n.) A territorial division or district. \ (n.) To move around; to revolve around. \ (n.) To encompass, as by a circle; to surround; to inclose; to encircle. \ (v. i.) To move circularly; to form a circle; to circulate.
insert addition (n.) The act of adding two or more things together; -- opposed to subtraction or diminution. \ (n.) Anything added; increase; augmentation; as, a piazza is an addition to a building. \ (n.) That part of arithmetic which treats of adding numbers. \ (n.) A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half. \ (n.) A title annexed to a man's name, to identify him more precisely, John Doe, Esq.; Richard Roe, Gent.; Robert Dale, Mason; Thomas Way, of New York; a mark of distinction; a title. \ (n.) Something added to a coat of arms, as a mark of honor; -- opposed to abatement.
insert appearance (n.) The act of appearing or coming into sight; the act of becoming visible to the eye; as, his sudden appearance surprised me. \ (n.) A thing seed; a phenomenon; a phase; an apparition, an appearance in the sky. \ (n.) Personal presence; exhibition of the person; look; aspect; mien. \ (n.) Semblance, or apparent likeness; external show. pl. Outward signs, or circumstances, fitted to make a particular impression or to determine the judgment as to the character of a person or a thing, an act or a state, appearances are against him. \ (n.) The act of appearing in a particular place, or in society, a company, or any proceedings; a coming before the public in a particular character, a person makes his appearance as an historian, an artist, or an orator. \ (n.) Probability; likelihood. \ (n.) The coming into court of either of the parties; the being present in court; the coming into court of a party summoned in an action, either by himself or by his attorney, expressed by a formal entry by the proper officer to that effect; the act or proceeding by which a party proceeded against places himself before the court, and submits to its jurisdiction.
insert mostly (adv.) For the greatest part; for the most part; chiefly; in the main.
insert seem v. to appear to be ("She seems to be in good health.") \ (a.) To appear, or to appear to be; to have a show or semblance; to present an appearance; to look; to strike one's apprehension or fancy as being; to be taken as. \ (v. t.) To befit; to beseem.
insert late ad. after the correct time; near the end; opposite early \ (v.) Coming after the time when due, or after the usual or proper time; not early; slow; tardy; long delayed; as, a late spring. \ (v.) Far advanced toward the end or close, a late hour of the day; a late period of life. \ (v.) Existing or holding some position not long ago, but not now; lately deceased, departed, or gone out of office, the late bishop of London; the late administration. \ (v.) Not long past; happening not long ago; recent, the late rains; we have received late intelligence. \ (v.) Continuing or doing until an advanced hour of the night, late revels; a late watcher. \ (a.) After the usual or proper time, or the time appointed; after delay, he arrived late; -- opposed to early. \ (a.) Not long ago; lately. \ (a.) Far in the night, day, week, or other particular period, to lie abed late; to sit up late at night.
insert exchange v. to trade; to give or receive one thing for another \ (n.) The act of giving or taking one thing in return for another which is regarded as an equivalent; as, an exchange of cattle for grain. \ (n.) The act of substituting one thing in the place of another, an exchange of grief for joy, or of a scepter for a sword, and the like; also, the act of giving and receiving reciprocally, an exchange of civilities or views. \ (n.) The thing given or received in return; esp., a publication exchanged for another. \ (n.) The process of setting accounts or debts between parties residing at a distance from each other, without the intervention of money, by exchanging orders or drafts, called bills of exchange. These may be drawn in one country and payable in another, in which case they are called foreign bills; or they may be drawn and made payable in the same country, in which case they are called inland bills. The term bill of exchange is often abbreviated into exchange, to buy or sell exchange. \ (n.) A mutual grant of equal interests, the one in consideration of the other. Estates exchanged must be equal in quantity, as fee simple for fee simple. \ (n.) The place where the merchants, brokers, and bankers of a city meet at certain hours, to transact business. In this sense often contracted to 'Change. \ (n.) To part with give, or transfer to another in consideration of something received as an equivalent; -- usually followed by for before the thing received. \ (n.) To part with for a substitute; to lay aside, quit, or resign (something being received in place of the thing parted with), to exchange a palace for cell. \ (n.) To give and receive reciprocally, as things of the same kind; to barter; to swap, to exchange horses with a neighbor; to exchange houses or hats. \ (v. i.) To be changed or received in exchange for; to pass in exchange, dollar exchanges for ten dimes.
insert bookseller (n.) One who sells books.
insert rank (superl.) Luxuriant in growth; of vigorous growth; exuberant; grown to immoderate height; as, rank grass; rank weeds. \ (superl.) Raised to a high degree; violent; extreme; gross; utter, rank heresy. \ (superl.) Causing vigorous growth; producing luxuriantly; very rich and fertile, rank land. \ (superl.) Strong-scented; rancid; musty, oil of a rank smell; rank-smelling rue. \ (superl.) Strong to the taste. \ (superl.) Inflamed with venereal appetite. \ (adv.) Rankly; stoutly; violently. \ (n. & v.) A row or line; a range; an order; a tier, a rank of osiers. \ (n. & v.) A line of soldiers ranged side by side; -- opposed to file. See 1st File, 1 (a). \ (n. & v.) Grade of official standing, as in the army, navy, or nobility, the rank of general; the rank of admiral. \ (n. & v.) An aggregate of individuals classed together; a permanent social class; a division, ranks and orders of men; the highest and the lowest ranks of men, or of other intelligent beings. \ (n. & v.) Degree of dignity, eminence, or excellence; position in civil or social life; station; degree; grade, a writer of the first rank; a lawyer of high rank. \ (n. & v.) Elevated grade or standing; high degree; high social position; distinction, a man of rank. \ (v. t.) To place abreast, or in a line. \ (v. t.) To range in a particular class, order, or division; to class; also, to dispose methodically; to place in suitable classes or order; to classify. \ (v. t.) To take rank of; to outrank. \ (v. i.) To be ranged; to be set or disposed, as in a particular degree, class, or division. \ (v. i.) To have a certain grade or degree of elevation in the orders of civil or military life; to have a certain degree of esteem or consideration, he ranks with the first class of poets; he ranks high in public estimation.
insert bird n. a creature that flies \ (n.) Orig., a chicken; the young of a fowl; a young eaglet; a nestling; and hence, a feathered flying animal (see 2). \ (n.) A warm-blooded, feathered vertebrate provided with wings. See Aves. \ (n.) Specifically, among sportsmen, a game bird. \ (n.) Fig.: A girl; a maiden. \ (v. i.) To catch or shoot birds. \ (v. i.) Hence: To seek for game or plunder; to thieve.
insert improvement (n.) The act of improving; advancement or growth; promotion in desirable qualities; progress toward what is better; melioration; as, the improvement of the mind, of land, roads, etc. \ (n.) The act of making profitable use or applicaton of anything, or the state of being profitably employed; a turning to good account; practical application, as of a doctrine, principle, or theory, stated in a discourse. \ (n.) The state of being improved; betterment; advance; also, that which is improved, the new edition is an improvement on the old. \ (n.) Increase; growth; progress; advance. \ (n.) Valuable additions or betterments, as buildings, clearings, drains, fences, etc., on premises. \ (n.) A useful addition to, or modification of, a machine, manufacture, or composition.
insert loaf (n.) Any thick lump, mass, or cake; especially, a large regularly shaped or molded mass, as of bread, sugar, or cake. \ (v. i.) To spend time in idleness; to lounge or loiter about. \ (v. t.) To spend in idleness; -- with away; as, to loaf time away.
insert hold v. to carry or support, usually in the hands or arms; to keep in one position; to keep as a prisoner; to contain; to possess; to occupy; to organize and be involved in ("The two sides hold talks this week.") \ (n.) The whole interior portion of a vessel below the lower deck, in which the cargo is stowed. \ (v. t.) To cause to remain in a given situation, position, or relation, within certain limits, or the like; to prevent from falling or escaping; to sustain; to restrain; to keep in the grasp; to retain. \ (v. t.) To retain in one's keeping; to maintain possession of, or authority over; not to give up or relinquish; to keep; to defend. \ (v. t.) To have; to be in possession of; to derive title to; as, to hold office. \ (v. t.) To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain. \ (v. t.) To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain. \ (v. t.) To prosecute, have, take, or join in, as something which is the result of united action; as to, hold a meeting, a festival, a session, etc.; hence, to direct and bring about officially; to conduct or preside at, the general held a council of war; a judge holds a court; a clergyman holds a service. \ (v. t.) To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel, this pail holds milk, to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for. \ (v. t.) To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain. \ (v. t.) To consider; to regard; to esteem; to account; to think; to judge. \ (v. t.) To bear, carry, or manage; as he holds himself erect; he holds his head high. \ (n. i.) In general, to keep one's self in a given position or condition; to remain fixed. Hence: \ (n. i.) Not to more; to halt; to stop;-mostly in the imperative. \ (n. i.) Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued. \ (n. i.) Not to fail or be found wanting; to last; to endure a test or trial; to abide; to persist. \ (n. i.) Not to fall away, desert, or prove recreant; to remain attached; to cleave;-often with with, to, or for. \ (n. i.) To restrain one's self; to refrain. \ (n. i.) To derive right or title; -- generally with of. \ (n.) The act of holding, as in or with the hands or arms; the manner of holding, whether firm or loose; seizure; grasp; clasp; gripe; possession; -- often used with the verbs take and lay. \ (n.) The authority or ground to take or keep; claim. \ (n.) Binding power and influence. \ (n.) Something that may be grasped; means of support. \ (n.) A place of confinement; a prison; confinement; custody; guard. \ (n.) A place of security; a fortified place; a fort; a castle; -- often called a stronghold. \ (n.) A character [thus /] placed over or under a note or rest, and indicating that it is to be prolonged; -- called also pause, and corona.
insert fishing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Fish \ (n.) The act, practice, or art of one who fishes. \ (n.) A fishery. \ (n.) Pertaining to fishing; used in fishery; engaged in fishing; as, fishing boat; fishing tackle; fishing village.
insert moustache (n.) Mustache.
insert confirm v. to approve; to say that something is true \ (v. t.) To make firm or firmer; to add strength to; to establish; as, health is confirmed by exercise. \ (v. t.) To strengthen in judgment or purpose. \ (v. t.) To give new assurance of the truth of; to render certain; to verify; to corroborate, to confirm a rumor. \ (v. t.) To render valid by formal assent; to complete by a necessary sanction; to ratify, to confirm the appoinment of an official; the Senate confirms a treaty. \ (v. t.) To administer the rite of confirmation to. See Confirmation, 3.
insert composition (n.) The act or art of composing, or forming a whole or integral, by placing together and uniting different things, parts, or ingredients. \ (n.) The invention or combination of the parts of any literary work or discourse, or of a work of art; as, the composition of a poem or a piece of music. \ (n.) The art or practice of so combining the different parts of a work of art as to produce a harmonious whole; also, a work of art considered as such. See 4, below. \ (n.) The act of writing for practice in a language, as English, Latin, German, etc. \ (n.) The setting up of type and arranging it for printing. \ (n.) The state of being put together or composed; conjunction; combination; adjustment. \ (n.) A mass or body formed by combining two or more substances, a chemical composition. \ (n.) A literary, musical, or artistic production, especially one showing study and care in arrangement; -- often used of an elementary essay or translation done as an educational exercise. \ (n.) Consistency; accord; congruity. \ (n.) Mutual agreement to terms or conditions for the settlement of a difference or controversy, the terms or conditions of settlement; agreement. \ (n.) The adjustment of a debt, or avoidance of an obligation, by some form of compensation agreed on between the parties, the sum or amount of compensation agreed upon in the adjustment. \ (n.) Synthesis as opposed to analysis.
insert mirror (n.) A looking-glass or a speculum; any glass or polished substance that forms images by the reflection of rays of light. \ (n.) That which gives a true representation, or in which a true image may be seen; hence, a pattern; an exemplar. \ (n.) See Speculum. \ (v. t.) To reflect, as in a mirror.
insert me (pron.) One. See Men, pron. \ (pers. pron.) The person speaking, regarded as an object; myself; a pronoun of the first person used as the objective and dative case of the pronoum I; as, he struck me; he gave me the money, or he gave the money to me; he got me a hat, or he got a hat for me.
insert knit (imp. & p. p.) of Knit \ (v. t.) To form into a knot, or into knots; to tie together, as cord; to fasten by tying. \ (v. t.) To form, as a textile fabric, by the interlacing of yarn or thread in a series of connected loops, by means of needles, either by hand or by machinery; as, to knit stockings. \ (v. t.) To join; to cause to grow together. \ (v. t.) To unite closely; to connect; to engage, hearts knit together in love. \ (v. t.) To draw together; to contract into wrinkles. \ (v. i.) To form a fabric by interlacing yarn or thread; to weave by making knots or loops. \ (v. i.) To be united closely; to grow together, broken bones will in time knit and become sound. \ (n.) Union knitting; texture.
insert town n. a center where people live, larger than a village but not as large as a city \ (adv. & prep.) Formerly: (a) An inclosure which surrounded the mere homestead or dwelling of the lord of the manor. [Obs.] (b) The whole of the land which constituted the domain. [Obs.] (c) A collection of houses inclosed by fences or walls. \ (adv. & prep.) Any number or collection of houses to which belongs a regular market, and which is not a city or the see of a bishop. \ (adv. & prep.) Any collection of houses larger than a village, and not incorporated as a city; also, loosely, any large, closely populated place, whether incorporated or not, in distinction from the country, or from rural communities. \ (adv. & prep.) The body of inhabitants resident in a town; as, the town voted to send two representatives to the legislature; the town voted to lay a tax for repairing the highways. \ (adv. & prep.) A township; the whole territory within certain limits, less than those of a country. \ (adv. & prep.) The court end of London;-- commonly with the. \ (adv. & prep.) The metropolis or its inhabitants, in winter the gentleman lives in town; in summer, in the country. \ (adv. & prep.) A farm or farmstead, a court or farmyard.
insert adult n. a grown person \ (a.) Having arrived at maturity, or to full size and strength; matured; as, an adult person or plant; an adult ape; an adult age. \ (n.) A person, animal, or plant grown to full size and strength; one who has reached maturity.
insert peaceful (a.) Possessing or enjoying peace; not disturbed by war, tumult, agitation, anxiety, or commotion; quiet; tranquil; as, a peaceful time; a peaceful country; a peaceful end. \ (a.) Not disposed or tending to war, tumult or agitation; pacific; mild; calm; peaceable, peaceful words.
insert have v. to possess; to own; to hold \ (v. t.) To hold in possession or control; as, he has a farm. \ (v. t.) To possess, as something which appertains to, is connected with, or affects, one. \ (v. t.) To accept possession of; to take or accept. \ (v. t.) To get possession of; to obtain; to get. \ (v. t.) To cause or procure to be; to effect; to exact; to desire; to require. \ (v. t.) To bear, as young, she has just had a child. \ (v. t.) To hold, regard, or esteem. \ (v. t.) To cause or force to go; to take. \ (v. t.) To take or hold (one's self); to proceed promptly; -- used reflexively, often with ellipsis of the pronoun, to have after one; to have at one or at a thing, i. e., to aim at one or at a thing; to attack; to have with a companion. \ (v. t.) To be under necessity or obligation; to be compelled; followed by an infinitive. \ (v. t.) To understand. \ (v. t.) To put in an awkward position; to have the advantage of, that is where he had him. \ (Indic. present) of Have \ of Have
insert protest v. to speak against; to object \ (v. i.) To affirm in a public or formal manner; to bear witness; to declare solemnly; to avow. \ (v. i.) To make a solemn declaration (often a written one) expressive of opposition; -- with against; as, he protest against your votes. \ (v. t.) To make a solemn declaration or affirmation of; to proclaim; to display, to protest one's loyalty. \ (v. t.) To call as a witness in affirming or denying, or to prove an affirmation; to appeal to. \ (v.) A solemn declaration of opinion, commonly a formal objection against some act; especially, a formal and solemn declaration, in writing, of dissent from the proceedings of a legislative body, the protest of lords in Parliament. \ (v.) A solemn declaration in writing, in due form, made by a notary public, usually under his notarial seal, on behalf of the holder of a bill or note, protesting against all parties liable for any loss or damage by the nonacceptance or nonpayment of the bill, or by the nonpayment of the note, as the case may be. \ (v.) A declaration made by the master of a vessel before a notary, consul, or other authorized officer, upon his arrival in port after a disaster, stating the particulars of it, and showing that any damage or loss sustained was not owing to the fault of the vessel, her officers or crew, but to the perils of the sea, etc., ads the case may be, and protesting against them. \ (v.) A declaration made by a party, before or while paying a tax, duty, or the like, demanded of him, which he deems illegal, denying the justice of the demand, and asserting his rights and claims, in order to show that the payment was not voluntary.
insert canoe (n.) A boat used by rude nations, formed of trunk of a tree, excavated, by cutting of burning, into a suitable shape. It is propelled by a paddle or paddles, or sometimes by sail, and has no rudder. \ (n.) A boat made of bark or skins, used by savages. \ (n.) A light pleasure boat, especially designed for use by one who goes alone upon long excursions, including portage. It it propelled by a paddle, or by a small sail attached to a temporary mast. \ (v. i.) To manage a canoe, or voyage in a canoe.
insert thousand (n.) The number of ten hundred; a collection or sum consisting of ten times one hundred units or objects. \ (n.) Hence, indefinitely, a great number. \ (n.) A symbol representing one thousand units; as, 1,000, M or CI/. \ (a.) Consisting of ten hundred; being ten times one hundred. \ (a.) Hence, consisting of a great number indefinitely.
insert steam n. the gas that comes from hot water \ (n.) The elastic, aeriform fluid into which water is converted when heated to the boiling points; water in the state of vapor. \ (n.) The mist formed by condensed vapor; visible vapor; -- so called in popular usage. \ (n.) Any exhalation. \ (v. i.) To emit steam or vapor. \ (v. i.) To rise in vapor; to issue, or pass off, as vapor. \ (v. i.) To move or travel by the agency of steam. \ (v. i.) To generate steam; as, the boiler steams well. \ (v. t.) To exhale. \ (v. t.) To expose to the action of steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing, to steam wood; to steamcloth; to steam food, etc.
insert flute (v. i.) A musical wind instrument, consisting of a hollow cylinder or pipe, with holes along its length, stopped by the fingers or by keys which are opened by the fingers. The modern flute is closed at the upper end, and blown with the mouth at a lateral hole. \ (v. i.) A channel of curved section; -- usually applied to one of a vertical series of such channels used to decorate columns and pilasters in classical architecture. See Illust. under Base, n. \ (n.) A similar channel or groove made in wood or other material, esp. in plaited cloth, as in a lady's ruffle. \ (n.) A long French breakfast roll. \ (n.) A stop in an organ, having a flutelike sound. \ (n.) A kind of flyboat; a storeship. \ (v. i.) To play on, or as on, a flute; to make a flutelike sound. \ (v. t.) To play, whistle, or sing with a clear, soft note, like that of a flute. \ (v. t.) To form flutes or channels in, as in a column, a ruffle, etc.
insert festival (a.) Pertaining to a fest; festive; festal; appropriate to a festival; joyous; mirthful.
insert lane (a.) Alone. \ (n.) A passageway between fences or hedges which is not traveled as a highroad; an alley between buildings; a narrow way among trees, rocks, and other natural obstructions; hence, in a general sense, a narrow passageway; as, a lane between lines of men, or through a field of ice.
insert often ad. many times \ (adv.) Frequently; many times; not seldom. \ (a.) Frequent; common; repeated.
insert hearing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Hear \ (n.) The act or power of perceiving sound; perception of sound; the faculty or sense by which sound is perceived; as, my hearing is good. \ (n.) Attention to what is delivered; opportunity to be heard; audience, I could not obtain a hearing. \ (n.) A listening to facts and evidence, for the sake of adjudication; a session of a court for considering proofs and determining issues. \ (n.) Extent within which sound may be heard; sound; earshot.
insert without prep. with no; not having or using; free from; not doing \ (prep.) On or at the outside of; out of; not within; as, without doors. \ (prep.) Out of the limits of; out of reach of; beyond. \ (prep.) Not with; otherwise than with; in absence of, separation from, or destitution of; not with use or employment of; independently of; exclusively of; with omission, without labor; without damage. \ (conj.) Unless; except; -- introducing a clause. \ (adv.) On or art the outside; not on the inside; outwardly; externally. \ (adv.) Outside of the house; out of doors.
insert weigh v. to measure how heavy someone or something is \ (n.) A corruption of Way, used only in the phrase under weigh. \ (v. t.) To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up; as, to weigh anchor. \ (v. t.) To examine by the balance; to ascertain the weight of, that is, the force with which a thing tends to the center of the earth; to determine the heaviness, or quantity of matter of, to weigh sugar; to weigh gold. \ (v. t.) To be equivalent to in weight; to counterbalance; to have the heaviness of. \ (v. t.) To pay, allot, take, or give by weight. \ (v. t.) To examine or test as if by the balance; to ponder in the mind; to consider or examine for the purpose of forming an opinion or coming to a conclusion; to estimate deliberately and maturely; to balance. \ (v. t.) To consider as worthy of notice; to regard. \ (v. i.) To have weight; to be heavy. \ (v. i.) To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance. \ (v. i.) To bear heavily; to press hard. \ (v. i.) To judge; to estimate. \ (n.) A certain quantity estimated by weight; an English measure of weight. See Wey.
insert keyboard (n.) The whole arrangement, or one range, of the keys of an organ, typewriter, etc.
insert dramatic (a.) Alt. of Dramatical
insert lid (n.) That which covers the opening of a vessel or box, etc.; a movable cover; as, the lid of a chest or trunk. \ (n.) The cover of the eye; an eyelid. \ (n.) The cover of the spore cases of mosses. \ (n.) A calyx which separates from the flower, and falls off in a single piece, as in the Australian Eucalypti. \ (n.) The top of an ovary which opens transversely, as in the fruit of the purslane and the tree which yields Brazil nuts.
insert country n. a nation; the territory of a nation; land away from cities \ (adv.) A tract of land; a region; the territory of an independent nation; (as distinguished from any other region, and with a personal pronoun) the region of one's birth, permanent residence, or citizenship. \ (adv.) Rural regions, as opposed to a city or town. \ (adv.) The inhabitants or people of a state or a region; the populace; the public. Hence: (a) One's constituents. (b) The whole body of the electors of state; as, to dissolve Parliament and appeal to the country. \ (adv.) A jury, as representing the citizens of a country. \ (adv.) The inhabitants of the district from which a jury is drawn. \ (adv.) The rock through which a vein runs. \ (a.) Pertaining to the regions remote from a city; rural; rustic, a country life; a country town; the country party, as opposed to city. \ (a.) Destitute of refinement; rude; unpolished; not urbane, country manners. \ (a.) Pertaining, or peculiar, to one's own country.
insert upon (prep.) On; -- used in all the senses of that word, with which it is interchangeable.
insert we pro. two or more people, including the speaker or writer ("He and I will go together, and we will return together.") \ (pl. ) of I \ (obj.) The plural nominative case of the pronoun of the first person; the word with which a person in speaking or writing denotes a number or company of which he is one, as the subject of an action expressed by a verb.
insert earth n. the planet we all live on; the ground or soil \ (n.) The globe or planet which we inhabit; the world, in distinction from the sun, moon, or stars. Also, this world as the dwelling place of mortals, in distinction from the dwelling place of spirits. \ (n.) The solid materials which make up the globe, in distinction from the air or water; the dry land. \ (n.) The softer inorganic matter composing part of the surface of the globe, in distinction from the firm rock; soil of all kinds, including gravel, clay, loam, and the like; sometimes, soil favorable to the growth of plants; the visible surface of the globe; the ground; as, loose earth; rich earth. \ (n.) A part of this globe; a region; a country; land. \ (n.) Worldly things, as opposed to spiritual things; the pursuits, interests, and allurements of this life. \ (n.) The people on the globe. \ (n.) Any earthy-looking metallic oxide, as alumina, glucina, zirconia, yttria, and thoria. \ (n.) A similar oxide, having a slight alkaline reaction, as lime, magnesia, strontia, baryta. \ (n.) A hole in the ground, where an animal hides himself, the earth of a fox. \ (v. t.) To hide, or cause to hide, in the earth; to chase into a burrow or den. \ (v. t.) To cover with earth or mold; to inter; to bury; -- sometimes with up. \ (v. i.) To burrow. \ (n.) A plowing. \ (n.) The connection of any part an electric conductor with the ground; specif., the connection of a telegraph line with the ground through a fault or otherwise.
insert artist (n.) One who practices some mechanic art or craft; an artisan. \ (n.) One who professes and practices an art in which science and taste preside over the manual execution. \ (n.) One who shows trained skill or rare taste in any manual art or occupation. \ (n.) An artful person; a schemer.
insert known (p. p.) of Know \ (p. p.) of Know.
insert stupid ad. not able to learn much; not intelligent \ (a.) Very dull; insensible; senseless; wanting in understanding; heavy; sluggish; in a state of stupor; -- said of persons. \ (a.) Resulting from, or evincing, stupidity; formed without skill or genius; dull; -- said of things.
insert look v. to turn the eyes toward so as to see; to search or hunt for; to seem to be \ (v. i.) To direct the eyes for the purpose of seeing something; to direct the eyes toward an object; to observe with the eyes while keeping them directed; -- with various prepositions, often in a special or figurative sense. See Phrases below. \ (v. i.) To direct the attention (to something); to consider; to examine; as, to look at an action. \ (v. i.) To seem; to appear; to have a particular appearance, the patient looks better; the clouds look rainy. \ (v. i.) To have a particular direction or situation; to face; to front. \ (v. i.) In the imperative: see; behold; take notice; take care; observe; -- used to call attention. \ (v. i.) To show one's self in looking, as by leaning out of a window, look out of the window while I speak to you. Sometimes used figuratively. \ (v. i.) To await the appearance of anything; to expect; to anticipate. \ (v. t.) To look at; to turn the eyes toward. \ (v. t.) To seek; to search for. \ (v. t.) To expect. \ (v. t.) To influence, overawe, or subdue by looks or presence as, to look down opposition. \ (v. t.) To express or manifest by a look. \ (n.) The act of looking; a glance; a sight; a view; -- often in certain phrases, to have, get, take, throw, or cast, a look. \ (n.) Expression of the eyes and face; manner, a proud or defiant look. \ (n.) Hence; Appearance; aspect, the house has a gloomy look; the affair has a bad look.
insert party n. a group of people working together for a political purpose; a group of people or friends gathered together for enjoyment \ (v.) A part or portion. \ (v.) A number of persons united in opinion or action, as distinguished from, or opposed to, the rest of a community or association; esp., one of the parts into which a people is divided on questions of public policy. \ (v.) A part of a larger body of company; a detachment; especially (Mil.), a small body of troops dispatched on special service. \ (v.) A number of persons invited to a social entertainment; a select company; as, a dinner party; also, the entertainment itself, to give a party. \ (v.) One concerned or interested in an affair; one who takes part with others; a participator, he was a party to the plot; a party to the contract. \ (v.) The plaintiff or the defendant in a lawsuit, whether an individual, a firm, or corporation; a litigant. \ (v.) Hence, any certain person who is regarded as being opposed or antagonistic to another. \ (v.) Cause; side; interest. \ (v.) A person, he is a queer party. \ (v.) Parted or divided, as in the direction or form of one of the ordinaries, an escutcheon party per pale. \ (v.) Partial; favoring one party. \ (adv.) Partly.
insert turkey (n.) An empire in the southeast of Europe and southwest of Asia. \ (n.) Any large American gallinaceous bird belonging to the genus Meleagris, especially the North American wild turkey (Meleagris gallopavo), and the domestic turkey, which was probably derived from the Mexican wild turkey, but had been domesticated by the Indians long before the discovery of America.
insert stop v. to prevent any more movement or action; to come or bring to an end \ (v. t.) To close, as an aperture, by filling or by obstructing; as, to stop the ears; hence, to stanch, as a wound. \ (v. t.) To obstruct; to render impassable, to stop a way, road, or passage. \ (v. t.) To arrest the progress of; to hinder; to impede; to shut in, to stop a traveler; to stop the course of a stream, or a flow of blood. \ (v. t.) To hinder from acting or moving; to prevent the effect or efficiency of; to cause to cease; to repress; to restrain; to suppress; to interrupt; to suspend, to stop the execution of a decree, the progress of vice, the approaches of old age or infirmity. \ (v. t.) To regulate the sounds of, as musical strings, by pressing them against the finger board with the finger, or by shortening in any way the vibrating part. \ (v. t.) To point, as a composition; to punctuate. \ (v. t.) To make fast; to stopper. \ (v. i.) To cease to go on; to halt, or stand still; to come to a stop. \ (v. i.) To cease from any motion, or course of action. \ (v. i.) To spend a short time; to reside temporarily; to stay; to tarry, to stop with a friend. \ (n.) The act of stopping, or the state of being stopped; hindrance of progress or of action; cessation; repression; interruption; check; obstruction. \ (n.) That which stops, impedes, or obstructs; as obstacle; an impediment; an obstruction. \ (n.) A device, or piece, as a pin, block, pawl, etc., for arresting or limiting motion, or for determining the position to which another part shall be brought. \ (n.) The closing of an aperture in the air passage, or pressure of the finger upon the string, of an instrument of music, so as to modify the tone, any contrivance by which the sounds of a musical instrument are regulated. \ (n.) In the organ, one of the knobs or handles at each side of the organist, by which he can draw on or shut off any register or row of pipes; the register itself, the vox humana stop. \ (n.) A member, plain or molded, formed of a separate piece and fixed to a jamb, against which a door or window shuts. This takes the place, or answers the purpose, of a rebate. Also, a pin or block to prevent a drawer from sliding too far. \ (n.) A point or mark in writing or printing intended to distinguish the sentences, parts of a sentence, or clauses; a mark of punctuation. See Punctuation. \ (n.) The diaphragm used in optical instruments to cut off the marginal portions of a beam of light passing through lenses. \ (n.) The depression in the face of a dog between the skull and the nasal bones. It is conspicuous in the bulldog, pug, and some other breeds. \ (n.) Some part of the articulating organs, as the lips, or the tongue and palate, closed (a) so as to cut off the passage of breath or voice through the mouth and the nose (distinguished as a lip-stop, or a front-stop, etc., as in p, t, d, etc.), or (b) so as to obstruct, but not entirely cut off, the passage, as in l, n; also, any of the consonants so formed.
insert witness (v. i.) Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony. \ (v. i.) That which furnishes evidence or proof. \ (v. i.) One who is cognizant; a person who beholds, or otherwise has personal knowledge of, anything; as, an eyewitness; an earwitness. \ (v. i.) One who testifies in a cause, or gives evidence before a judicial tribunal, the witness in court agreed in all essential facts. \ (v. i.) One who sees the execution of an instrument, and subscribes it for the purpose of confirming its authenticity by his testimony; one who witnesses a will, a deed, a marriage, or the like. \ (v. t.) To see or know by personal presence; to have direct cognizance of. \ (v. t.) To give testimony to; to testify to; to attest. \ (v. t.) To see the execution of, as an instrument, and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity, to witness a bond or a deed. \ (v. i.) To bear testimony; to give evidence; to testify.
insert transfer (v. t.) To convey from one place or person another; to transport, remove, or cause to pass, to another place or person; as, to transfer the laws of one country to another; to transfer suspicion. \ (v. t.) To make over the possession or control of; to pass; to convey, as a right, from one person to another; to give, the title to land is transferred by deed. \ (v. t.) To remove from one substance or surface to another, to transfer drawings or engravings to a lithographic stone. \ (n.) The act of transferring, or the state of being transferred; the removal or conveyance of a thing from one place or person to another. \ (n.) The conveyance of right, title, or property, either real or personal, whether by sale, by gift, or otherwise. \ (n.) That which is transferred. \ (n.) A picture, or the like, removed from one body or ground to another, as from wood to canvas, or from one piece of canvas to another. \ (n.) A drawing or writing printed off from one surface on another, as in ceramics and in many decorative arts. \ (n.) A soldier removed from one troop, or body of troops, and placed in another. \ (n.) A pathological process by virtue of which a unilateral morbid condition on being abolished on one side of the body makes its appearance in the corresponding region upon the other side.
insert food n. that which is taken in by all living things for energy, strength and growth \ (n.) What is fed upon; that which goes to support life by being received within, and assimilated by, the organism of an animal or a plant; nutriment; aliment; especially, what is eaten by animals for nourishment. \ (n.) Anything that instructs the intellect, excites the feelings, or molds habits of character; that which nourishes. \ (v. t.) To supply with food.
insert expect v. to think or believe that something will happen; to wait for an event \ (v. t.) To wait for; to await. \ (v. t.) To look for (mentally); to look forward to, as to something that is believed to be about to happen or come; to have a previous apprehension of, whether of good or evil; to look for with some confidence; to anticipate; -- often followed by an infinitive, sometimes by a clause (with, or without, that); as, I expect to receive wages; I expect that the troops will be defeated. \ (v. t.) To wait; to stay. \ (n.) Expectation.
insert salad (n.) A preparation of vegetables, as lettuce, celery, water cress, onions, etc., usually dressed with salt, vinegar, oil, and spice, and eaten for giving a relish to other food; as, lettuce salad; tomato salad \ (n.) A dish composed of chopped meat or fish, esp. chicken or lobster, mixed with lettuce or other vegetables, and seasoned with oil, mustard, and other condiments, chicken salad; lobster salad.
insert agent (a.) Acting; -- opposed to patient, or sustaining, action. \ (n.) One who exerts power, or has the power to act; an actor. \ (n.) One who acts for, or in the place of, another, by authority from him; one intrusted with the business of another; a substitute; a deputy; a factor. \ (n.) An active power or cause; that which has the power to produce an effect; as, a physical, chemical, or medicinal agent, heat is a powerful agent.
insert visual (a.) Of or pertaining to sight; used in sight; serving as the instrument of seeing; as, the visual nerve. \ (a.) That can be seen; visible.
insert telephone n. a device or system for sending sounds, especially the voice, over distances \ (n.) An instrument for reproducing sounds, especially articulate speech, at a distance. \ (v. t.) To convey or announce by telephone.
insert why ad. for what cause or reason ("Why did she do it?"); conj. the reason for which ("I do not know why she did it.") \ (adv.) For what cause, reason, or purpose; on what account; wherefore; -- used interrogatively. See the Note under What, pron., 1. \ (adv.) For which; on account of which; -- used relatively. \ (adv.) The reason or cause for which; that on account of which; as, I know not why he left town so suddenly; -- used as a compound relative. \ (n.) A young heifer.
insert seaside (n.) The land bordering on, or adjacent to, the sea; the seashore. Also used adjectively.
insert principle (n.) Beginning; commencement. \ (n.) A source, or origin; that from which anything proceeds; fundamental substance or energy; primordial substance; ultimate element, or cause. \ (n.) An original faculty or endowment. \ (n.) A fundamental truth; a comprehensive law or doctrine, from which others are derived, or on which others are founded; a general truth; an elementary proposition; a maxim; an axiom; a postulate. \ (n.) A settled rule of action; a governing law of conduct; an opinion or belief which exercises a directing influence on the life and behavior; a rule (usually, a right rule) of conduct consistently directing one's actions; as, a person of no principle. \ (n.) Any original inherent constituent which characterizes a substance, or gives it its essential properties, and which can usually be separated by analysis; -- applied especially to drugs, plant extracts, etc. \ (v. t.) To equip with principles; to establish, or fix, in certain principles; to impress with any tenet, or rule of conduct, good or ill.
insert operation (n.) The act or process of operating; agency; the exertion of power, physical, mechanical, or moral. \ (n.) The method of working; mode of action. \ (n.) That which is operated or accomplished; an effect brought about in accordance with a definite plan; as, military or naval operations. \ (n.) Effect produced; influence. \ (n.) Something to be done; some transformation to be made upon quantities, the transformation being indicated either by rules or symbols. \ (n.) Any methodical action of the hand, or of the hand with instruments, on the human body, to produce a curative or remedial effect, as in amputation, etc.
insert relative (a.) Having relation or reference; referring; respecting; standing in connection; pertaining; as, arguments not relative to the subject. \ (a.) Arising from relation; resulting from connection with, or reference to, something else; not absolute. \ (a.) Indicating or expressing relation; refering to an antecedent, a relative pronoun. \ (a.) Characterizing or pertaining to chords and keys, which, by reason of the identify of some of their tones, admit of a natural transition from one to the other. \ (n.) One who, or that which, relates to, or is considered in its relation to; a relative object or term; one of two object or term; one of two objects directly connected by any relation. \ (n.) A person connected by blood or affinity; strictly, one allied by blood; a relation; a kinsman or kinswoman. \ (n.) A relative pronoun; a word which relates to, or represents, another word or phrase, called its antecedent, the relatives "who", "which", "that".
insert December (n.) The twelfth and last month of the year, containing thirty-one days. During this month occurs the winter solstice. \ (n.) Fig.: With reference to the end of the year and to the winter season; as, the December of his life.
insert outside (n.) The external part of a thing; the part, end, or side which forms the surface; that which appears, or is manifest; that which is superficial; the exterior. \ (n.) The part or space which lies without an inclosure; the outer side, as of a door, walk, or boundary. \ (n.) The furthest limit, as to number, quantity, extent, etc.; the utmost; as, it may last a week at the outside. \ (n.) One who, or that which, is without; hence, an outside passenger, as distinguished from one who is inside. See Inside, n. 3. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the outside; external; exterior; superficial. \ (a.) Reaching the extreme or farthest limit, as to extent, an outside estimate. \ (adv.) or prep. On or to the outside (of); without; on the exterior, to ride outside the coach; he stayed outside.
insert clean v. to make pure; ad. free from dirt or harmful substances ("clean water") \ (superl.) Free from dirt or filth; as, clean clothes. \ (superl.) Free from that which is useless or injurious; without defects, clean land; clean timber. \ (superl.) Free from awkwardness; not bungling; adroit; dexterous, aclean trick; a clean leap over a fence. \ (superl.) Free from errors and vulgarisms, a clean style. \ (superl.) Free from restraint or neglect; complete; entire. \ (superl.) Free from moral defilement; sinless; pure. \ (superl.) Free from ceremonial defilement. \ (superl.) Free from that which is corrupting to the morals; pure in tone; healthy. \ (superl.) Well-proportioned; shapely, clean limbs. \ (adv.) Without limitation or remainder; quite; perfectly; wholly; entirely. \ (adv.) Without miscarriage; not bunglingly; dexterously. \ (a.) To render clean; to free from whatever is foul, offensive, or extraneous; to purify; to cleanse.
insert happiness (n.) Good luck; good fortune; prosperity. \ (n.) An agreeable feeling or condition of the soul arising from good fortune or propitious happening of any kind; the possession of those circumstances or that state of being which is attended enjoyment; the state of being happy; contentment; joyful satisfaction; felicity; blessedness. \ (n.) Fortuitous elegance; unstudied grace; -- used especially of language.
insert appear v. to show oneself; to come into sight; to seem \ (v. i.) To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible. \ (v. i.) To come before the public; as, a great writer appeared at that time. \ (v. i.) To stand in presence of some authority, tribunal, or superior person, to answer a charge, plead a cause, or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court, or as a person to be tried. \ (v. i.) To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension, or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest. \ (v. i.) To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look. \ (n.) Appearance.
insert regret n. a feeling of sadness or sorrow about something that is done or that happens \ (v.) Pain of mind on account of something done or experienced in the past, with a wish that it had been different; a looking back with dissatisfaction or with longing; grief; sorrow; especially, a mourning on account of the loss of some joy, advantage, or satisfaction. \ (v.) Dislike; aversion. \ (v. t.) To experience regret on account of; to lose or miss with a sense of regret; to feel sorrow or dissatisfaction on account of (the happening or the loss of something); as, to regret an error; to regret lost opportunities or friends.
insert garlic (n.) A plant of the genus Allium (A. sativum is the cultivated variety), having a bulbous root, a very strong smell, and an acrid, pungent taste. Each root is composed of several lesser bulbs, called cloves of garlic, inclosed in a common membranous coat, and easily separable. \ (n.) A kind of jig or farce.
insert tightly (adv.) In a tight manner; closely; nearly.
insert show v. to make something be seen; to make known; n. a play or story presented in a theater, or broadcast on radio or television, for enjoyment or education; something organized to be seen by the public \ (v. t.) To exhibit or present to view; to place in sight; to display; -- the thing exhibited being the object, and often with an indirect object denoting the person or thing seeing or beholding; as, to show a house; show your colors; shopkeepers show customers goods (show goods to customers). \ (v. t.) To exhibit to the mental view; to tell; to disclose; to reveal, to show one's designs. \ (v. t.) Specifically, to make known the way to (a person); hence, to direct; to guide; to asher; to conduct, to show a person into a parlor; to show one to the door. \ (v. t.) To make apparent or clear, as by evidence, testimony, or reasoning; to prove; to explain; also, to manifest; to evince, to show the truth of a statement; to show the causes of an event. \ (v. t.) To bestow; to confer; to afford, to show favor. \ (v. i.) To exhibit or manifest one's self or itself; to appear; to look; to be in appearance; to seem. \ (v. i.) To have a certain appearance, as well or ill, fit or unfit; to become or suit; to appear. \ (n.) The act of showing, or bringing to view; exposure to sight; exhibition. \ (n.) That which os shown, or brought to view; that which is arranged to be seen; a spectacle; an exhibition, a traveling show; a cattle show. \ (n.) Proud or ostentatious display; parade; pomp. \ (n.) Semblance; likeness; appearance. \ (n.) False semblance; deceitful appearance; pretense. \ (n.) A discharge, from the vagina, of mucus streaked with blood, occuring a short time before labor. \ (n.) A pale blue flame, at the top of a candle flame, indicating the presence of fire damp.
insert heart pumps blood through the body \ (n.) A hollow, muscular organ, which, by contracting rhythmically, keeps up the circulation of the blood. \ (n.) The seat of the affections or sensibilities, collectively or separately, as love, hate, joy, grief, courage, and the like; rarely, the seat of the understanding or will; -- usually in a good sense, when no epithet is expressed; the better or lovelier part of our nature; the spring of all our actions and purposes; the seat of moral life and character; the moral affections and character itself; the individual disposition and character; as, a good, tender, loving, bad, hard, or selfish heart. \ (n.) The nearest the middle or center; the part most hidden and within; the inmost or most essential part of any body or system; the source of life and motion in any organization; the chief or vital portion; the center of activity, or of energetic or efficient action, the heart of a country, of a tree, etc. \ (n.) Courage; courageous purpose; spirit. \ (n.) Vigorous and efficient activity; power of fertile production; condition of the soil, whether good or bad. \ (n.) That which resembles a heart in shape; especially, a roundish or oval figure or object having an obtuse point at one end, and at the other a corresponding indentation, -- used as a symbol or representative of the heart. \ (n.) One of a series of playing cards, distinguished by the figure or figures of a heart, hearts are trumps. \ (n.) Vital part; secret meaning; real intention. \ (n.) A term of affectionate or kindly and familiar address. \ (v. t.) To give heart to; to hearten; to encourage; to inspirit. \ (v. i.) To form a compact center or heart, a hearting cabbage.
insert best ad. the most good \ (a.) Having good qualities in the highest degree; most good, kind, desirable, suitable, etc.; most excellent; as, the best man; the best road; the best cloth; the best abilities. \ (a.) Most advanced; most correct or complete, the best scholar; the best view of a subject. \ (a.) Most; largest, the best part of a week. \ (n.) Utmost; highest endeavor or state; most nearly perfect thing, or being, or action, to do one's best; to the best of our ability. \ (superl.) In the highest degree; beyond all others. \ (superl.) To the most advantage; with the most success, case, profit, benefit, or propriety. \ (superl.) Most intimately; most thoroughly or correctly, what is expedient is best known to himself. \ (v. t.) To get the better of.
insert information n. knowledge; facts \ (v. t.) The act of informing, or communicating knowledge or intelligence. \ (v. t.) News, advice, or knowledge, communicated by others or obtained by personal study and investigation; intelligence; knowledge derived from reading, observation, or instruction. \ (v. t.) A proceeding in the nature of a prosecution for some offens against the government, instituted and prosecuted, really or nominally, by some authorized public officer on behalt of the government. It differs from an indictment in criminal cases chiefly in not being based on the finding of a grand juri. See Indictment.
insert straight ad. continuing in one direction without turns \ (a.) A variant of Strait, a. \ (superl.) Right, in a mathematical sense; passing from one point to another by the nearest course; direct; not deviating or crooked; as, a straight line or course; a straight piece of timber. \ (superl.) Approximately straight; not much curved, straight ribs are such as pass from the base of a leaf to the apex, with a small curve. \ (superl.) Composed of cards which constitute a regular sequence, as the ace, king, queen, jack, and ten-spot, a straight hand; a straight flush. \ (superl.) Conforming to justice and rectitude; not deviating from truth or fairness; upright, straight dealing. \ (superl.) Unmixed; undiluted, to take liquor straight. \ (superl.) Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party, a straight Republican; a straight Democrat; also, containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a party and no others, a straight ballot. \ (adv.) In a straight manner; directly; rightly; forthwith; immediately, the arrow went straight to the mark. \ (n.) A hand of five cards in consecutive order as to value; a sequence. When they are of one suit, it is calles straight flush. \ (v. t.) To straighten.
insert solve v. to find an answer; to settle \ (v. t.) To explain; to resolve; to unfold; to clear up (what is obscure or difficult to be understood); to work out to a result or conclusion; as, to solve a doubt; to solve difficulties; to solve a problem. \ (n.) A solution; an explanation.
insert attach v. to tie together; to connect \ (v. t.) To bind, fasten, tie, or connect; to make fast or join; as, to attach one thing to another by a string, by glue, or the like. \ (v. t.) To connect; to place so as to belong; to assign by authority; to appoint, an officer is attached to a certain regiment, company, or ship. \ (v. t.) To win the heart of; to connect by ties of love or self-interest; to attract; to fasten or bind by moral influence; -- with to, attached to a friend; attaching others to us by wealth or flattery. \ (v. t.) To connect, in a figurative sense; to ascribe or attribute; to affix, to attach great importance to a particular circumstance. \ (v. t.) To take, seize, or lay hold of. \ (v. t.) To take by legal authority: (a) To arrest by writ, and bring before a court, as to answer for a debt, or a contempt; -- applied to a taking of the person by a civil process; being now rarely used for the arrest of a criminal. (b) To seize or take (goods or real estate) by virtue of a writ or precept to hold the same to satisfy a judgment which may be rendered in the suit. See Attachment, 4. \ (v. i.) To adhere; to be attached. \ (v. i.) To come into legal operation in connection with anything; to vest, dower will attach. \ (n.) An attachment.
insert raise v. to lift up; to move to a higher position; to cause to grow; to increase \ (v. t.) To cause to rise; to bring from a lower to a higher place; to lift upward; to elevate; to heave; as, to raise a stone or weight. \ (v. t.) To bring to a higher condition or situation; to elevate in rank, dignity, and the like; to increase the value or estimation of; to promote; to exalt; to advance; to enhance, to raise from a low estate; to raise to office; to raise the price, and the like. \ (v. t.) To increase the strength, vigor, or vehemence of; to excite; to intensify; to invigorate; to heighten, to raise the pulse; to raise the voice; to raise the spirits or the courage; to raise the heat of a furnace. \ (v. t.) To elevate in degree according to some scale, to raise the pitch of the voice; to raise the temperature of a room. \ (v. t.) To cause to rise up, or assume an erect position or posture; to set up; to make upright, to raise a mast or flagstaff. \ (v. t.) To cause to spring up from a recumbent position, from a state of quiet, or the like; to awaken; to arouse. \ (v. t.) To rouse to action; to stir up; to incite to tumult, struggle, or war; to excite. \ (v. t.) To bring up from the lower world; to call up, as a spirit from the world of spirits; to recall from death; to give life to. \ (v. t.) To cause to arise, grow up, or come into being or to appear; to give rise to; to originate, produce, cause, effect, or the like. \ (v. t.) To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect, to raise a lofty structure, a wall, a heap of stones. \ (v. t.) To bring together; to collect; to levy; to get together or obtain for use or service, to raise money, troops, and the like. \ (v. t.) To cause to grow; to procure to be produced, bred, or propagated; to grow, to raise corn, barley, hops, etc.; toraise cattle. \ (v. t.) To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise, come forth, or appear; -- often with up. \ (v. t.) To give rise to; to set agoing; to occasion; to start, to raise a smile or a blush. \ (v. t.) To give vent or utterance to; to utter; to strike up. \ (v. t.) To bring to notice; to submit for consideration, to raise a point of order; to raise an objection. \ (v. t.) To cause to rise, as by the effect of leaven; to make light and spongy, as bread. \ (v. t.) To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it, to raise Sandy Hook light. \ (v. t.) To let go; as in the command, Raise tacks and sheets, i. e., Let go tacks and sheets. \ (v. t.) To create or constitute, to raise a use, that is, to create it.
insert gang (v. i.) To go; to walk. \ (v. i.) A going; a course. \ (v. i.) A number going in company; hence, a company, or a number of persons associated for a particular purpose; a group of laborers under one foreman; a squad; as, a gang of sailors; a chain gang; a gang of thieves. \ (v. i.) A combination of similar implements arranged so as, by acting together, to save time or labor; a set, a gang of saws, or of plows. \ (v. i.) A set; all required for an outfit, a new gang of stays. \ (v. i.) The mineral substance which incloses a vein; a matrix; a gangue.
insert affair (n.) That which is done or is to be done; matter; concern; as, a difficult affair to manage; business of any kind, commercial, professional, or public; -- often in the plural. "At the head of affairs." Junius. \ (n.) Any proceeding or action which it is wished to refer to or characterize vaguely, an affair of honor, i. e., a duel; an affair of love, an intrigue. \ (n.) An action or engagement not of sufficient magnitude to be called a battle. \ (n.) Action; endeavor. \ (n.) A material object (vaguely designated).
insert hire (pron.) See Here, pron. \ (n.) The price, reward, or compensation paid, or contracted to be paid, for the temporary use of a thing or a place, for personal service, or for labor; wages; rent; pay. \ (n.) A bailment by which the use of a thing, or the services and labor of a person, are contracted for at a certain price or reward. \ (n.) To procure (any chattel or estate) from another person, for temporary use, for a compensation or equivalent; to purchase the use or enjoyment of for a limited time; as, to hire a farm for a year; to hire money. \ (n.) To engage or purchase the service, labor, or interest of (any one) for a specific purpose, by payment of wages, to hire a servant, an agent, or an advocate. \ (n.) To grant the temporary use of, for compensation; to engage to give the service of, for a price; to let; to lease; -- now usually with out, and often reflexively, he has hired out his horse, or his time.
insert river n. a large amount of water that flows across land into another river, a lake or an ocean \ (n.) One who rives or splits. \ (n.) A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean, a sea, a lake, or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook. \ (n.) Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as, rivers of blood; rivers of oil. \ (v. i.) To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
insert myself (pron.) I or me in person; -- used for emphasis, my own self or person; as I myself will do it; I have done it myself; -- used also instead of me, as the object of the first person of a reflexive verb, without emphasis; as, I will defend myself.
insert scale (n.) The dish of a balance; hence, the balance itself; an instrument or machine for weighing; as, to turn the scale; -- chiefly used in the plural when applied to the whole instrument or apparatus for weighing. Also used figuratively. \ (n.) The sign or constellation Libra. \ (v. t.) To weigh or measure according to a scale; to measure; also, to grade or vary according to a scale or system. \ (n.) One of the small, thin, membranous, bony or horny pieces which form the covering of many fishes and reptiles, and some mammals, belonging to the dermal part of the skeleton, or dermoskeleton. See Cycloid, Ctenoid, and Ganoid. \ (n.) Hence, any layer or leaf of metal or other material, resembling in size and thinness the scale of a fish, a scale of iron, of bone, etc. \ (n.) One of the small scalelike structures covering parts of some invertebrates, as those on the wings of Lepidoptera and on the body of Thysanura; the elytra of certain annelids. See Lepidoptera. \ (n.) A scale insect. (See below.) \ (n.) A small appendage like a rudimentary leaf, resembling the scales of a fish in form, and often in arrangement, the scale of a bud, of a pine cone, and the like. The name is also given to the chaff on the stems of ferns. \ (n.) The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife. See Illust. of Pocketknife. \ (n.) An incrustation deposit on the inside of a vessel in which water is heated, as a steam boiler. \ (n.) The thin oxide which forms on the surface of iron forgings. It consists essentially of the magnetic oxide, Fe3O4. Also, a similar coating upon other metals. \ (v. t.) To strip or clear of scale or scales, to scale a fish; to scale the inside of a boiler. \ (v. t.) To take off in thin layers or scales, as tartar from the teeth; to pare off, as a surface. \ (v. t.) To scatter; to spread. \ (v. t.) To clean, as the inside of a cannon, by the explosion of a small quantity of powder. \ (v. i.) To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae, some sandstone scales by exposure. \ (v. i.) To separate; to scatter. \ (n.) A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending. \ (n.) Hence, anything graduated, especially when employed as a measure or rule, or marked by lines at regular intervals. \ (n.) A mathematical instrument, consisting of a slip of wood, ivory, or metal, with one or more sets of spaces graduated and numbered on its surface, for measuring or laying off distances, etc., as in drawing, plotting, and the like. See Gunter's scale. \ (n.) A series of spaces marked by lines, and representing proportionately larger distances, a scale of miles, yards, feet, for a map or plan. \ (n.) A basis for a numeral system, the decimal scale; the binary scale, etc. \ (n.) Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order, a scale of being. \ (v. i.) To lead up by steps; to ascend.
insert public ad. of or about all the people in a community or country; opposite private \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the people; belonging to the people; relating to, or affecting, a nation, state, or community; -- opposed to private; as, the public treasury. \ (a.) Open to the knowledge or view of all; general; common; notorious, public report; public scandal. \ (a.) Open to common or general use, a public road; a public house. \ (n.) The general body of mankind, or of a nation; the people, indefinitely, the American public; also, a particular body or aggregation of people, an author's public. \ (n.) A public house; an inn.
insert lot (n.) That which happens without human design or forethought; chance; accident; hazard; fortune; fate. \ (n.) Anything (as a die, pebble, ball, or slip of paper) used in determining a question by chance, or without man's choice or will; as, to cast or draw lots. \ (n.) The part, or fate, which falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without his planning. \ (n.) A separate portion; a number of things taken collectively, a lot of stationery; -- colloquially, sometimes of people, a sorry lot; a bad lot. \ (n.) A distinct portion or plot of land, usually smaller than a field, a building lot in a city. \ (n.) A large quantity or number; a great deal, to spend a lot of money; lots of people think so. \ (n.) A prize in a lottery. \ (v. t.) To allot; to sort; to portion.
insert beauty ad. that which pleases the eye, ear or spirit \ (n.) An assemblage or graces or properties pleasing to the eye, the ear, the intellect, the aesthetic faculty, or the moral sense. \ (n.) A particular grace, feature, ornament, or excellence; anything beautiful; as, the beauties of nature. \ (n.) A beautiful person, esp. a beautiful woman. \ (n.) Prevailing style or taste; rage; fashion.
insert everyday (a.) Used or fit for every day; common; usual; as, an everyday suit or clothes.
insert luggage (n.) That which is lugged; anything cumbrous and heavy to be carried; especially, a traveler's trunks, baggage, etc., or their contents.
insert napkin (n.) A little towel, or small cloth, esp. one for wiping the fingers and mouth at table. \ (n.) A handkerchief.
insert reality (n.) The state or quality of being real; actual being or existence of anything, in distinction from mere appearance; fact. \ (n.) That which is real; an actual existence; that which is not imagination, fiction, or pretense; that which has objective existence, and is not merely an idea. \ (n.) Loyalty; devotion. \ (n.) See 2d Realty, 2.
insert shake v. to move or cause to move in short, quick movements \ obs. p. p. of Shake. \ (v.) To cause to move with quick or violent vibrations; to move rapidly one way and the other; to make to tremble or shiver; to agitate. \ (v.) Fig.: To move from firmness; to weaken the stability of; to cause to waver; to impair the resolution of. \ (v.) To give a tremulous tone to; to trill; as, to shake a note in music. \ (v.) To move or remove by agitating; to throw off by a jolting or vibrating motion; to rid one's self of; -- generally with an adverb, as off, out, etc., to shake fruit down from a tree. \ (v. i.) To be agitated with a waving or vibratory motion; to tremble; to shiver; to quake; to totter. \ (n.) The act or result of shaking; a vacillating or wavering motion; a rapid motion one way and other; a trembling, quaking, or shivering; agitation. \ (n.) A fissure or crack in timber, caused by its being dried too suddenly. \ (n.) A fissure in rock or earth. \ (n.) A rapid alternation of a principal tone with another represented on the next degree of the staff above or below it; a trill. \ (n.) One of the staves of a hogshead or barrel taken apart. \ (n.) A shook of staves and headings. \ (n.) The redshank; -- so called from the nodding of its head while on the ground.
insert common ad. usual; same for all ("a common purpose") \ (v.) Belonging or relating equally, or similarly, to more than one; as, you and I have a common interest in the property. \ (v.) Belonging to or shared by, affecting or serving, all the members of a class, considered together; general; public, properties common to all plants; the common schools; the Book of Common Prayer. \ (v.) Often met with; usual; frequent; customary. \ (v.) Not distinguished or exceptional; inconspicuous; ordinary; plebeian; -- often in a depreciatory sense. \ (v.) Profane; polluted. \ (v.) Given to habits of lewdness; prostitute. \ (n.) The people; the community. \ (n.) An inclosed or uninclosed tract of ground for pleasure, for pasturage, etc., the use of which belongs to the public; or to a number of persons. \ (n.) The right of taking a profit in the land of another, in common either with the owner or with other persons; -- so called from the community of interest which arises between the claimant of the right and the owner of the soil, or between the claimants and other commoners entitled to the same right. \ (v. i.) To converse together; to discourse; to confer. \ (v. i.) To participate. \ (v. i.) To have a joint right with others in common ground. \ (v. i.) To board together; to eat at a table in common.
insert granddaughter n. the daughter of a person's daughter or son \ (n.) The daughter of one's son or daughter.
insert tiger (n.) A very large and powerful carnivore (Felis tigris) native of Southern Asia and the East Indies. Its back and sides are tawny or rufous yellow, transversely striped with black, the tail is ringed with black, the throat and belly are nearly white. When full grown, it equals or exceeds the lion in size and strength. Called also royal tiger, and Bengal tiger. \ (n.) Fig.: A ferocious, bloodthirsty person. \ (n.) A servant in livery, who rides with his master or mistress. \ (n.) A kind of growl or screech, after cheering; as, three cheers and a tiger. \ (n.) A pneumatic box or pan used in refining sugar.
insert telegram (n.) A message sent by telegraph; a telegraphic dispatch.
insert mistake n. a wrong action or decision; an action done without the knowledge that it was wrong \ (v. t.) To make or form amiss; to spoil in making. \ (v. t.) To take or choose wrongly. \ (v. t.) To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand misapprehend, or misconceive; as, to mistake a remark; to mistake one's meaning. \ (v. t.) To substitute in thought or perception, to mistake one person for another. \ (v. t.) To have a wrong idea of in respect of character, qualities, etc.; to misjudge. \ (v. i.) To err in knowledge, perception, opinion, or judgment; to commit an unintentional error. \ (n.) An apprehending wrongly; a misconception; a misunderstanding; a fault in opinion or judgment; an unintentional error of conduct. \ (n.) Misconception, error, which when non-negligent may be ground for rescinding a contract, or for refusing to perform it.
insert export v. to send to another country; n. something sent to another country, usually for sale \ (v. t.) To carry away; to remove. \ (v. t.) To carry or send abroad, or out of a country, especially to foreign countries, as merchandise or commodities in the way of commerce; -- the opposite of import; as, to export grain, cotton, cattle, goods, etc. \ (n.) The act of exporting; exportation, to prohibit the export of wheat or tobacco. \ (n.) That which is exported; a commodity conveyed from one country or State to another in the way of traffic; -- used chiefly in the plural, exports.
insert corner (n.) The point where two converging lines meet; an angle, either external or internal. \ (n.) The space in the angle between converging lines or walls which meet in a point; as, the chimney corner. \ (n.) An edge or extremity; the part farthest from the center; hence, any quarter or part. \ (n.) A secret or secluded place; a remote or out of the way place; a nook. \ (n.) Direction; quarter. \ (n.) The state of things produced by a combination of persons, who buy up the whole or the available part of any stock or species of property, which compels those who need such stock or property to buy of them at their own price, a corner in a railway stock. \ (v. t.) To drive into a corner. \ (v. t.) To drive into a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment, to corner a person in argument. \ (v. t.) To get command of (a stock, commodity, etc.), so as to be able to put one's own price on it, to corner the shares of a railroad stock; to corner petroleum. \ (n.) A free kick from close to the nearest corner flag post, allowed to the opposite side when a player has sent the ball behind his own goal line.
insert credit n. an agreement that payments will be made at a later time \ (n.) Reliance on the truth of something said or done; belief; faith; trust; confidence. \ (n.) Reputation derived from the confidence of others; esteem; honor; good name; estimation. \ (n.) A ground of, or title to, belief or confidence; authority derived from character or reputation. \ (n.) That which tends to procure, or add to, reputation or esteem; an honor. \ (n.) Influence derived from the good opinion, confidence, or favor of others; interest. \ (n.) Trust given or received; expectation of future playment for property transferred, or of fulfillment or promises given; mercantile reputation entitling one to be trusted; -- applied to individuals, corporations, communities, or nations; as, to buy goods on credit. \ (n.) The time given for payment for lands or goods sold on trust, a long credit or a short credit. \ (n.) The side of an account on which are entered all items reckoned as values received from the party or the category named at the head of the account; also, any one, or the sum, of these items; -- the opposite of debit, this sum is carried to one's credit, and that to his debit; A has several credits on the books of B. \ (v. t.) To confide in the truth of; to give credence to; to put trust in; to believe. \ (v. t.) To bring honor or repute upon; to do credit to; to raise the estimation of. \ (v. t.) To enter upon the credit side of an account; to give credit for, to credit the amount paid; to set to the credit of, to credit a man with the interest paid on a bond.
insert able v. having the power to do something \ (superl.) Fit; adapted; suitable. \ (superl.) Having sufficient power, strength, force, skill, means, or resources of any kind to accomplish the object; possessed of qualifications rendering competent for some end; competent; qualified; capable; as, an able workman, soldier, seaman, a man able to work; a mind able to reason; a person able to be generous; able to endure pain; able to play on a piano. \ (superl.) Specially: Having intellectual qualifications, or strong mental powers; showing ability or skill; talented; clever; powerful, the ablest man in the senate; an able speech. \ (superl.) Legally qualified; possessed of legal competence, able to inherit or devise property. \ (a.) To make able; to enable; to strengthen. \ (a.) To vouch for.
insert banana (n.) A perennial herbaceous plant of almost treelike size (Musa sapientum); also, its edible fruit. See Musa.
insert grandchild (n.) A son's or daughter's child; a child in the second degree of descent.
insert found (imp. & p. p.) of Find \ imp. & p. p. of Find. \ (v. t.) To form by melting a metal, and pouring it into a mold; to cast. \ (n.) A thin, single-cut file for combmakers. \ (v. i.) To lay the basis of; to set, or place, as on something solid, for support; to ground; to establish upon a basis, literal or figurative; to fix firmly. \ (v. i.) To take the ffirst steps or measures in erecting or building up; to furnish the materials for beginning; to begin to raise; to originate; as, to found a college; to found a family.
insert argument (n.) Proof; evidence. \ (n.) A reason or reasons offered in proof, to induce belief, or convince the mind; reasoning expressed in words; as, an argument about, concerning, or regarding a proposition, for or in favor of it, or against it. \ (n.) A process of reasoning, or a controversy made up of rational proofs; argumentation; discussion; disputation. \ (n.) The subject matter of a discourse, writing, or artistic representation; theme or topic; also, an abstract or summary, as of the contents of a book, chapter, poem. \ (n.) Matter for question; business in hand. \ (n.) The quantity on which another quantity in a table depends, the altitude is the argument of the refraction. \ (n.) The independent variable upon whose value that of a function depends. \ (v. i.) To make an argument; to argue.
insert personal (a.) Pertaining to human beings as distinct from things. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a particular person; relating to, or affecting, an individual, or each of many individuals; peculiar or proper to private concerns; not public or general; as, personal comfort; personal desire. \ (a.) Pertaining to the external or bodily appearance; corporeal, personal charms. \ (a.) Done in person; without the intervention of another. \ (a.) Relating to an individual, his character, conduct, motives, or private affairs, in an invidious and offensive manner, personal reflections or remarks. \ (a.) Denoting person, a personal pronoun. \ (n.) A movable; a chattel.
insert blouse (n.) A light, loose over-garment, like a smock frock, worn especially by workingmen in France; also, a loose coat of any material, as the undress uniform coat of the United States army.
insert combination (n.) The act or process of combining or uniting persons and things. \ (n.) The result of combining or uniting; union of persons or things; esp. a union or alliance of persons or states to effect some purpose; -- usually in a bad sense. \ (n.) The act or process of uniting by chemical affinity, by which substances unite with each other in definite proportions by weight to form distinct compounds. \ (n.) The different arrangements of a number of objects, as letters, into groups.
insert earthquake n. a sudden, violent shaking of the earth's surface \ (n.) A shaking, trembling, or concussion of the earth, due to subterranean causes, often accompanied by a rumbling noise. The wave of shock sometimes traverses half a hemisphere, destroying cities and many thousand lives; -- called also earthdin, earthquave, and earthshock. \ (a.) Like, or characteristic of, an earthquake; loud; starling.
insert schoolgirl (n.) A girl belonging to, or attending, a school.
insert bury v. to put into the ground and cover with earth \ (n.) A borough; a manor; as, the Bury of St. Edmond's \ (n.) A manor house; a castle. \ (v. t.) To cover out of sight, either by heaping something over, or by placing within something, as earth, etc.; to conceal by covering; to hide, to bury coals in ashes; to bury the face in the hands. \ (v. t.) Specifically: To cover out of sight, as the body of a deceased person, in a grave, a tomb, or the ocean; to deposit (a corpse) in its resting place, with funeral ceremonies; to inter; to inhume. \ (v. t.) To hide in oblivion; to put away finally; to abandon, to bury strife.
insert twentieth (a.) Next in order after the nineteenth; tenth after the tenth; coming after nineteen others; -- the ordinal of twenty. \ (a.) Consisting, or being, one of twenty equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The next in order after the nineteen; one coming after nineteen others. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by twenty; one of twenty equal parts of one whole.
insert bowl (n.) A concave vessel of various forms (often approximately hemispherical), to hold liquids, etc. \ (n.) Specifically, a drinking vessel for wine or other spirituous liquors; hence, convivial drinking. \ (n.) The contents of a full bowl; what a bowl will hold. \ (n.) The hollow part of a thing; as, the bowl of a spoon. \ (n.) A ball of wood or other material used for rolling on a level surface in play; a ball of hard wood having one side heavier than the other, so as to give it a bias when rolled. \ (n.) An ancient game, popular in Great Britain, played with biased balls on a level plat of greensward. \ (n.) The game of tenpins or bowling. \ (v. t.) To roll, as a bowl or cricket ball. \ (v. t.) To roll or carry smoothly on, or as on, wheels, we were bowled rapidly along the road. \ (v. t.) To pelt or strike with anything rolled. \ (v. i.) To play with bowls. \ (v. i.) To roll a ball on a plane, as at cricket, bowls, etc. \ (v. i.) To move rapidly, smoothly, and like a ball, the carriage bowled along.
insert mosquito (n.) Any one of various species of gnats of the genus Culex and allied genera. The females have a proboscis containing, within the sheathlike labium, six fine, sharp, needlelike organs with which they puncture the skin of man and animals to suck the blood. These bites, when numerous, cause, in many persons, considerable irritation and swelling, with some pain. The larvae and pupae, called wigglers, are aquatic.
insert wild ad. living and growing in natural conditions and not organized or supervised by humans; angry; uncontrolled \ (superl.) Living in a state of nature; inhabiting natural haunts, as the forest or open field; not familiar with, or not easily approached by, man; not tamed or domesticated; as, a wild boar; a wild ox; a wild cat. \ (superl.) Growing or produced without culture; growing or prepared without the aid and care of man; native; not cultivated; brought forth by unassisted nature or by animals not domesticated, wild parsnip, wild camomile, wild strawberry, wild honey. \ (superl.) Desert; not inhabited or cultivated, wild land. \ (superl.) Savage; uncivilized; not refined by culture; ferocious; rude, wild natives of Africa or America. \ (superl.) Not submitted to restraint, training, or regulation; turbulent; tempestuous; violent; ungoverned; licentious; inordinate; disorderly; irregular; fanciful; imaginary; visionary; crazy. \ (superl.) Exposed to the wind and sea; unsheltered, a wild roadstead. \ (superl.) Indicating strong emotion, intense excitement, or /ewilderment, a wild look. \ (superl.) Hard to steer; -- said of a vessel. \ (n.) An uninhabited and uncultivated tract or region; a forest or desert; a wilderness; a waste, the wilds of America; the wilds of Africa. \ (adv.) Wildly, to talk wild.
insert solid ad. having a hard shape with no empty spaces inside; strong; not in the form of a liquid or gas \ (a.) Having the constituent parts so compact, or so firmly adhering, as to resist the impression or penetration of other bodies; having a fixed form; hard; firm; compact; -- opposed to fluid and liquid or to plastic, like clay, or to incompact, like sand. \ (a.) Not hollow; full of matter; as, a solid globe or cone, as distinguished from a hollow one; not spongy; dense; hence, sometimes, heavy. \ (a.) Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic, a solid foot contains 1,728 solid inches. \ (a.) Firm; stable; unyielding, a solid pier; a solid pile; a solid wall. \ (a.) Applied to a compound word whose parts are closely united and form an unbroken word; -- opposed to hyphened. \ (a.) Fig.: Worthy of credit, trust, or esteem; substantial, as opposed to frivolous or fallacious; weighty; valid; just; genuine. \ (a.) Sound; not weakly, a solid constitution of body. \ (a.) Of a fleshy, uniform, undivided substance, as a bulb or root; not spongy or hollow within, as a stem. \ (a.) Impenetrable; resisting or excluding any other material particle or atom from any given portion of space; -- applied to the supposed ultimate particles of matter. \ (a.) Not having the lines separated by leads; not open. \ (a.) United; without division; unanimous, the delegation is solid for a candidate. \ (n.) A substance that is held in a fixed form by cohesion among its particles; a substance not fluid. \ (n.) A magnitude which has length, breadth, and thickness; a part of space bounded on all sides.
insert security n. freedom from danger or harm; protection; measures necessary to protect a person or place ("Security was increased in the city.") \ (n.) The condition or quality of being secure; secureness. \ (n.) Freedom from apprehension, anxiety, or care; confidence of power of safety; hence, assurance; certainty. \ (n.) Hence, carelessness; negligence; heedlessness. \ (n.) Freedom from risk; safety. \ (n.) That which secures or makes safe; guard; defense. \ (n.) Something given, deposited, or pledged, to make certain the fulfillment of an obligation, the performance of a contract, the payment of a debt, or the like; surety; pledge. \ (n.) One who becomes surety for another, or engages himself for the performance of another's obligation. \ (n.) An evidence of debt or of property, as a bond, a certificate of stock, etc.; as, government securities.
insert camera n. a device for taking pictures \ (n.) A chamber, or instrument having a chamber. Specifically: The camera obscura when used in photography. See Camera, and Camera obscura.
insert thinking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Think \ (a.) Having the faculty of thought; cogitative; capable of a regular train of ideas; as, man is a thinking being. \ (n.) The act of thinking; mode of thinking; imagination; cogitation; judgment.
insert grace (n.) The exercise of love, kindness, mercy, favor; disposition to benefit or serve another; favor bestowed or privilege conferred. \ (n.) The divine favor toward man; the mercy of God, as distinguished from His justice; also, any benefits His mercy imparts; divine love or pardon; a state of acceptance with God; enjoyment of the divine favor. \ (n.) The prerogative of mercy execised by the executive, as pardon. \ (n.) The same prerogative when exercised in the form of equitable relief through chancery. \ (n.) Fortune; luck; -- used commonly with hard or sorry when it means misfortune. \ (n.) Inherent excellence; any endowment or characteristic fitted to win favor or confer pleasure or benefit. \ (n.) Beauty, physical, intellectual, or moral; loveliness; commonly, easy elegance of manners; perfection of form. \ (n.) Graceful and beautiful females, sister goddesses, represented by ancient writers as the attendants sometimes of Apollo but oftener of Venus. They were commonly mentioned as three in number; namely, Aglaia, Euphrosyne, and Thalia, and were regarded as the inspirers of the qualities which give attractiveness to wisdom, love, and social intercourse. \ (n.) The title of a duke, a duchess, or an archbishop, and formerly of the king of England. \ (n.) Thanks. \ (n.) A petition for grace; a blessing asked, or thanks rendered, before or after a meal. \ (n.) Ornamental notes or short passages, either introduced by the performer, or indicated by the composer, in which case the notation signs are called grace notes, appeggiaturas, turns, etc. \ (n.) An act, vote, or decree of the government of the institution; a degree or privilege conferred by such vote or decree. \ (n.) A play designed to promote or display grace of motion. It consists in throwing a small hoop from one player to another, by means of two sticks in the hands of each. Called also grace hoop or hoops. \ (v. t.) To adorn; to decorate; to embellish and dignify. \ (v. t.) To dignify or raise by an act of favor; to honor. \ (v. t.) To supply with heavenly grace. \ (v. t.) To add grace notes, cadenzas, etc., to.
insert word n. one or more connected sounds that form a single part of a language \ (n.) The spoken sign of a conception or an idea; an articulate or vocal sound, or a combination of articulate and vocal sounds, uttered by the human voice, and by custom expressing an idea or ideas; a single component part of human speech or language; a constituent part of a sentence; a term; a vocable. \ (n.) Hence, the written or printed character, or combination of characters, expressing such a term; as, the words on a page. \ (n.) Talk; discourse; speech; language. \ (n.) Account; tidings; message; communication; information; -- used only in the singular. \ (n.) Signal; order; command; direction. \ (n.) Language considered as implying the faith or authority of the person who utters it; statement; affirmation; declaration; promise. \ (n.) Verbal contention; dispute. \ (n.) A brief remark or observation; an expression; a phrase, clause, or short sentence. \ (v. i.) To use words, as in discussion; to argue; to dispute. \ (v. t.) To express in words; to phrase. \ (v. t.) To ply with words; also, to cause to be by the use of a word or words. \ (v. t.) To flatter with words; to cajole.
insert technical ad. involving machines, processes and materials in industry, transportation and communications; of or about a very special kind of subject or thing ("You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.") \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the useful or mechanic arts, or to any science, business, or the like; specially appropriate to any art, science, or business; as, the words of an indictment must be technical.
insert shame (n.) A painful sensation excited by a consciousness of guilt or impropriety, or of having done something which injures reputation, or of the exposure of that which nature or modesty prompts us to conceal. \ (n.) Reproach incurred or suffered; dishonor; ignominy; derision; contempt. \ (n.) The cause or reason of shame; that which brings reproach, and degrades a person in the estimation of others; disgrace. \ (n.) The parts which modesty requires to be covered; the private parts. \ (v. t.) To make ashamed; to excite in (a person) a comsciousness of guilt or impropriety, or of conduct derogatory to reputation; to put to shame. \ (v. t.) To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace. \ (v. t.) To mock at; to deride. \ (n.) To be ashamed; to feel shame.
insert bat (n.) A large stick; a club; specifically, a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket, etc. \ (n.) Shale or bituminous shale. \ (n.) A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables; batting. \ (n.) A part of a brick with one whole end. \ (v. t.) To strike or hit with a bat or a pole; to cudgel; to beat. \ (v. i.) To use a bat, as in a game of baseball. \ (n.) One of the Cheiroptera, an order of flying mammals, in which the wings are formed by a membrane stretched between the elongated fingers, legs, and tail. The common bats are small and insectivorous. See Cheiroptera and Vampire. \ (n.) Same as Tical, n., 1. \ (v. t. & i.) To bate or flutter, as a hawk. \ (v. t. & i.) To wink. \ (n.) In badminton, tennis, and similar games, a racket. \ (n.) A stroke; a sharp blow. \ (n.) A stroke of work. \ (n.) Rate of motion; speed. \ (n.) A spree; a jollification. \ (n.) Manner; rate; condition; state of health.
insert into (prep.) To the inside of; within. It is used in a variety of applications. \ (prep.) Expressing entrance, or a passing from the outside of a thing to its interior parts; -- following verbs expressing motion; as, come into the house; go into the church; one stream falls or runs into another; water enters into the fine vessels of plants. \ (prep.) Expressing penetration beyond the outside or surface, or access to the inside, or contents, to look into a letter or book; to look into an apartment. \ (prep.) Indicating insertion, to infuse more spirit or animation into a composition. \ (prep.) Denoting inclusion, put these ideas into other words. \ (prep.) Indicating the passing of a thing from one form, condition, or state to another, compound substances may be resolved into others which are more simple; ice is convertible into water, and water into vapor; men are more easily drawn than forced into compliance; we may reduce many distinct substances into one mass; men are led by evidence into belief of truth, and are often enticed into the commission of crimes'into; she burst into tears; children are sometimes frightened into fits; all persons are liable to be seduced into error and folly.
insert where ad., conj. at, to or in what place ("Where is his house?" "The house where he lives is in the old part of the city.") \ (pron. & conj.) Whether. \ (adv.) At or in what place; hence, in what situation, position, or circumstances; -- used interrogatively. \ (adv.) At or in which place; at the place in which, in the case or instance in which; -- used relatively. \ (adv.) To what or which place, to what goal, result, or issue; whither; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, where are you going? \ (conj.) Whereas. \ (n.) Place; situation.
insert per (prep.) Through; by means of; through the agency of; by; for; for each; as, per annum; per capita, by heads, or according to individuals; per curiam, by the court; per se, by itself, of itself. Per is also sometimes used with English words.
insert intelligence n. the ability to think or learn; information gathered by spying \ (n.) The act or state of knowing; the exercise of the understanding. \ (n.) The capacity to know or understand; readiness of comprehension; the intellect, as a gift or an endowment. \ (n.) Information communicated; news; notice; advice. \ (n.) Acquaintance; intercourse; familiarity. \ (n.) Knowledge imparted or acquired, whether by study, research, or experience; general information. \ (n.) An intelligent being or spirit; -- generally applied to pure spirits; as, a created intelligence.
insert ability (n.) The quality or state of being able; power to perform, whether physical, moral, intellectual, conventional, or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength, skill, resources, etc.; -- in the plural, faculty, talent.
insert proud (superl.) Feeling or manifesting pride, in a good or bad sense \ (superl.) Possessing or showing too great self-esteem; overrating one's excellences; hence, arrogant; haughty; lordly; presumptuous. \ (superl.) Having a feeling of high self-respect or self-esteem; exulting (in); elated; -- often with of; as, proud of one's country. \ (superl.) Giving reason or occasion for pride or self-gratulation; worthy of admiration; grand; splendid; magnificent; admirable; ostentatious. \ (superl.) Excited by sexual desire; -- applied particularly to the females of some animals.
insert physics n. the study of motion, matter and energy \ (n.) The science of nature, or of natural objects; that branch of science which treats of the laws and properties of matter, and the forces acting upon it; especially, that department of natural science which treats of the causes (as gravitation, heat, light, magnetism, electricity, etc.) that modify the general properties of bodies; natural philosophy.
insert fisherman (n.) One whose occupation is to catch fish. \ (n.) A ship or vessel employed in the business of taking fish, as in the cod fishery.
insert millimeter (n.) Alt. of Millimetre
insert steal v. to take without permission or paying \ (n.) A handle; a stale, or stele. \ (v. t.) To take and carry away, feloniously; to take without right or leave, and with intent to keep wrongfully; as, to steal the personal goods of another. \ (v. t.) To withdraw or convey clandestinely (reflexive); hence, to creep furtively, or to insinuate. \ (v. t.) To gain by insinuating arts or covert means. \ (v. t.) To get into one's power gradually and by imperceptible degrees; to take possession of by a gradual and imperceptible appropriation; -- with away. \ (v. t.) To accomplish in a concealed or unobserved manner; to try to carry out secretly, to steal a look. \ (v. i.) To practice, or be guilty of, theft; to commit larceny or theft. \ (v. i.) To withdraw, or pass privily; to slip in, along, or away, unperceived; to go or come furtively.
insert banker (n.) One who conducts the business of banking; one who, individually, or as a member of a company, keeps an establishment for the deposit or loan of money, or for traffic in money, bills of exchange, etc. \ (n.) A money changer. \ (n.) The dealer, or one who keeps the bank in a gambling house. \ (n.) A vessel employed in the cod fishery on the banks of Newfoundland. \ (n.) A ditcher; a drain digger. \ (n.) The stone bench on which masons cut or square their work.
insert producer (n.) One who produces, brings forth, or generates. \ (n.) One who grows agricultural products, or manufactures crude materials into articles of use. \ (n.) A furnace for producing combustible gas which is used for fuel.
insert take v. to put a hand or hands around something and hold it, often to move it to another place; to carry something ; to seize; to capture; to begin to be in control ("The president takes office tomorrow.")
insert organization (n.) The act of organizing; the act of arranging in a systematic way for use or action; as, the organization of an army, or of a deliberative body. \ (n.) The state of being organized; also, the relations included in such a state or condition. \ (n.) That which is organized; an organized existence; an organism \ (n.) an arrangement of parts for the performance of the functions necessary to life.
insert bill n. a legislative proposal \ (n.) A beak, as of a bird, or sometimes of a turtle or other animal. \ (v. i.) To strike; to peck. \ (v. i.) To join bills, as doves; to caress in fondness. \ (n.) The bell, or boom, of the bittern \ (n.) A cutting instrument, with hook-shaped point, and fitted with a handle; -- used in pruning, etc.; a billhook. When short, called a hand bill, when long, a hedge bill. \ (n.) A weapon of infantry, in the 14th and 15th centuries. A common form of bill consisted of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, having a short pike at the back and another at the top, and attached to the end of a long staff. \ (n.) One who wields a bill; a billman. \ (n.) A pickax, or mattock. \ (n.) The extremity of the arm of an anchor; the point of or beyond the fluke. \ (v. t.) To work upon ( as to dig, hoe, hack, or chop anything) with a bill. \ (n.) A declaration made in writing, stating some wrong the complainant has suffered from the defendant, or a fault committed by some person against a law. \ (n.) A writing binding the signer or signers to pay a certain sum at a future day or on demand, with or without interest, as may be stated in the document. \ (n.) A form or draft of a law, presented to a legislature for enactment; a proposed or projected law. \ (n.) A paper, written or printed, and posted up or given away, to advertise something, as a lecture, a play, or the sale of goods; a placard; a poster; a handbill. \ (n.) An account of goods sold, services rendered, or work done, with the price or charge; a statement of a creditor's claim, in gross or by items, a grocer's bill. \ (n.) Any paper, containing a statement of particulars, a bill of charges or expenditures; a weekly bill of mortality; a bill of fare, etc. \ (v. t.) To advertise by a bill or public notice. \ (v. t.) To charge or enter in a bill, to bill goods. \ An act or a bill conferring upon a chief executive, as a governor or mayor, large powers of appointment and removal of heads of departments or other subordinate officials.
insert hen (n.) The female of the domestic fowl; also, the female of grouse, pheasants, or any kind of birds; as, the heath hen; the gray hen.
insert stand v. to move into or be in a position in which only the feet are on a surface; to be in one position or place
insert advice (n.) An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel. \ (n.) Deliberate consideration; knowledge. \ (n.) Information or notice given; intelligence; as, late advices from France; -- commonly in the plural. \ (n.) Counseling to perform a specific illegal act.
insert joint ad. shared by two or more \ (n.) The place or part where two things or parts are joined or united; the union of two or more smooth or even surfaces admitting of a close-fitting or junction; junction as, a joint between two pieces of timber; a joint in a pipe. \ (n.) A joining of two things or parts so as to admit of motion; an articulation, whether movable or not; a hinge; as, the knee joint; a node or joint of a stem; a ball and socket joint. See Articulation. \ (n.) The part or space included between two joints, knots, nodes, or articulations, a joint of cane or of a grass stem; a joint of the leg. \ (n.) Any one of the large pieces of meat, as cut into portions by the butcher for roasting. \ (n.) A plane of fracture, or divisional plane, of a rock transverse to the stratification. \ (n.) The space between the adjacent surfaces of two bodies joined and held together, as by means of cement, mortar, etc., a thin joint. \ (n.) The means whereby the meeting surfaces of pieces in a structure are secured together. \ (a.) Joined; united; combined; concerted; as joint action. \ (a.) Involving the united activity of two or more; done or produced by two or more working together. \ (a.) United, joined, or sharing with another or with others; not solitary in interest or action; holding in common with an associate, or with associates; acting together, joint heir; joint creditor; joint debtor, etc. \ (a.) Shared by, or affecting two or more; held in common, joint property; a joint bond. \ (v. t.) To unite by a joint or joints; to fit together; to prepare so as to fit together, to joint boards. \ (v. t.) To join; to connect; to unite; to combine. \ (v. t.) To provide with a joint or joints; to articulate. \ (v. t.) To separate the joints; of; to divide at the joint or joints; to disjoint; to cut up into joints, as meat. \ (v. i.) To fit as if by joints; to coalesce as joints do, the stones joint, neatly. \ (n.) A projecting or retreating part in something; any irregularity of line or surface, as in a wall. \ (n.) A narrow piece of scenery used to join together two flats or wings of an interior setting. \ (n.) A place of low resort, as for smoking opium.
insert benefit (n.) An act of kindness; a favor conferred. \ (n.) Whatever promotes prosperity and personal happiness, or adds value to property; advantage; profit. \ (n.) A theatrical performance, a concert, or the like, the proceeds of which do not go to the lessee of the theater or to the company, but to some individual actor, or to some charitable use. \ (n.) Beneficence; liberality. \ (n.) Natural advantages; endowments; accomplishments. \ (v. t.) To be beneficial to; to do good to; to advantage; to advance in health or prosperity; to be useful to; to profit. \ (v. i.) To gain advantage; to make improvement; to profit; as, he will benefit by the change.
insert fur (n.) The short, fine, soft hair of certain animals, growing thick on the skin, and distinguished from the hair, which is longer and coarser. \ (n.) The skins of certain wild animals with the fur; peltry; as, a cargo of furs. \ (n.) Strips of dressed skins with fur, used on garments for warmth or for ornament. \ (n.) Articles of clothing made of fur, a set of furs for a lady (a collar, tippet, or cape, muff, etc.). \ (n.) Any coating considered as resembling fur \ (n.) A coat of morbid matter collected on the tongue in persons affected with fever. \ (n.) The soft, downy covering on the skin of a peach. \ (n.) The deposit formed on the interior of boilers and other vessels by hard water. \ (n.) One of several patterns or diapers used as tinctures. There are nine in all, or, according to some writers, only six. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to furs; bearing or made of fur, a fur cap; the fur trade. \ (v. t.) To line, face, or cover with fur, furred robes. \ (v. t.) To cover with morbid matter, as the tongue. \ (v. t.) To nail small strips of board or larger scantling upon, in order to make a level surface for lathing or boarding, or to provide for a space or interval back of the plastered or boarded surface, as inside an outer wall, by way of protection against damp.
insert horrible ad. causing great fear; terrible \ (a.) Exciting, or tending to excite, horror or fear; dreadful; terrible; shocking; hideous; as, a horrible sight; a horrible story; a horrible murder.
insert wife n. a woman who is married \ (n.) A woman; an adult female; -- now used in literature only in certain compounds and phrases, as alewife, fishwife, goodwife, and the like. \ (n.) The lawful consort of a man; a woman who is united to a man in wedlock; a woman who has a husband; a married woman; -- correlative of husband.
insert control v. to direct; to have power over \ (n.) A duplicate book, register, or account, kept to correct or check another account or register; a counter register. \ (n.) That which serves to check, restrain, or hinder; restraint. \ (n.) Power or authority to check or restrain; restraining or regulating influence; superintendence; government; as, children should be under parental control. \ (v. t.) To check by a counter register or duplicate account; to prove by counter statements; to confute. \ (v. t.) To exercise restraining or governing influence over; to check; to counteract; to restrain; to regulate; to govern; to overpower. \ (n.) The complete apparatus used to control a mechanism or machine in operation, as a flying machine in flight; \ (n.) the mechanism controlling the rudders and ailerons. \ (n.) Any of the physical factors determining the climate of any particular place, as latitude,distribution of land and water, altitude, exposure, prevailing winds, permanent high- or low-barometric-pressure areas, ocean currents, mountain barriers, soil, and vegetation.
insert gorilla (n.) A large, arboreal, anthropoid ape of West Africa. It is larger than a man, and is remarkable for its massive skeleton and powerful muscles, which give it enormous strength. In some respects its anatomy, more than that of any other ape, except the chimpanzee, resembles that of man.
insert road n. a long piece of hard ground built between two places so people can walk, drive or ride easily from one place to the other \ (n.) A journey, or stage of a journey. \ (n.) An inroad; an invasion; a raid. \ (n.) A place where one may ride; an open way or public passage for vehicles, persons, and animals; a track for travel, forming a means of communication between one city, town, or place, and another. \ (n.) A place where ships may ride at anchor at some distance from the shore; a roadstead; -- often in the plural; as, Hampton Roads.
insert plate (n.) A flat, or nearly flat, piece of metal, the thickness of which is small in comparison with the other dimensions; a thick sheet of metal; as, a steel plate. \ (n.) Metallic armor composed of broad pieces. \ (n.) Domestic vessels and utensils, as flagons, dishes, cups, etc., wrought in gold or silver. \ (n.) Metallic ware which is plated, in distinction from that which is genuine silver or gold. \ (n.) A small, shallow, and usually circular, vessel of metal or wood, or of earth glazed and baked, from which food is eaten at table. \ (n.) A piece of money, usually silver money. \ (n.) A piece of metal on which anything is engraved for the purpose of being printed; hence, an impression from the engraved metal, a book illustrated with plates; a fashion plate. \ (n.) A page of stereotype, electrotype, or the like, for printing from, publisher's plates. \ (n.) That part of an artificial set of teeth which fits to the mouth, and holds the teeth in place. It may be of gold, platinum, silver, rubber, celluloid, etc. \ (n.) A horizontal timber laid upon a wall, or upon corbels projecting from a wall, and supporting the ends of other timbers; also used specifically of the roof plate which supports the ends of the roof trusses or, in simple work, the feet of the rafters. \ (n.) A roundel of silver or tinctured argent. \ (n.) A sheet of glass, porcelain, metal, with a coating that is sensitive to light. \ (n.) A prize giving to the winner in a contest. \ (v. t.) To cover or overlay with gold, or other metals, either by a mechanical process, as hammering, or by a chemical process, as electrotyping. \ (v. t.) To cover or overlay with plates of metal; to arm with metal for defense. \ (v. t.) To adorn with plated metal, a plated harness. \ (v. t.) To beat into thin, flat pieces, or laminae. \ (v. t.) To calender, to plate paper. \ (n.) A small five-sided area (enveloping a diamond-shaped area one foot square) beside which the batter stands and which must be touched by some part of a player on completing a run; -- called also home base, or home plate. \ (n.) One of the thin parts of the bricket of an animal. \ (n.) A very light steel racing horsehoe. \ (n.) Loosely, a sporting contest for a prize; specif., in horse racing, a race for a prize, the contestants not making a stake. \ (n.) Skins for fur linings of garments, sewed together and roughly shaped, but not finally cut or fitted. \ (n.) The fine nap (as of beaver, hare's wool, musquash, nutria, or English black wool) on a hat the body of which is of an inferior substance.
insert complex ad. of or having many parts that are difficult to understand; not simple \ (n.) Composed of two or more parts; composite; not simple; as, a complex being; a complex idea. \ (n.) Involving many parts; complicated; intricate. \ (n.) Assemblage of related things; collection; complication.
insert tenth (a.) Next in order after the ninth; coming after nine others. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The next in order after the ninth; one coming after nine others. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by ten; one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The tenth part of annual produce, income, increase, or the like; a tithe. \ (n.) The interval between any tone and the tone represented on the tenth degree of the staff above it, as between one of the scale and three of the octave above; the octave of the third. \ (n.) A temporary aid issuing out of personal property, and granted to the king by Parliament; formerly, the real tenth part of all the movables belonging to the subject. \ (n.) The tenth part of the annual profit of every living in the kingdom, formerly paid to the pope, but afterward transferred to the crown. It now forms a part of the fund called Queen Anne's Bounty.
insert costume (n.) Dress in general; esp., the distinctive style of dress of a people, class, or period. \ (n.) Such an arrangement of accessories, as in a picture, statue, poem, or play, as is appropriate to the time, place, or other circumstances represented or described. \ (n.) A character dress, used at fancy balls or for dramatic purposes.
insert borrow v. to take as a loan \ (v. t.) To receive from another as a loan, with the implied or expressed intention of returning the identical article or its equivalent in kind; -- the opposite of lend. \ (v. t.) To take (one or more) from the next higher denomination in order to add it to the next lower; -- a term of subtraction when the figure of the subtrahend is larger than the corresponding one of the minuend. \ (v. t.) To copy or imitate; to adopt; as, to borrow the style, manner, or opinions of another. \ (v. t.) To feign or counterfeit. \ (v. t.) To receive; to take; to derive. \ (n.) Something deposited as security; a pledge; a surety; a hostage. \ (n.) The act of borrowing.
insert collect v. to bring or gather together in one place; to demand and receive ("collect taxes") \ (v. t.) To gather into one body or place; to assemble or bring together; to obtain by gathering. \ (v. t.) To demand and obtain payment of, as an account, or other indebtedness; as, to collect taxes. \ (v. t.) To infer from observed facts; to conclude from premises. \ (v. i.) To assemble together, the people collected in a crowd; to accumulate, snow collects in banks. \ (v. i.) To infer; to conclude. \ (v. t.) A short, comprehensive prayer, adapted to a particular day, occasion, or condition, and forming part of a liturgy.
insert state v. to say; to declare; n. a political part of a nation \ (n.) The circumstances or condition of a being or thing at any given time. \ (n.) Rank; condition; quality; as, the state of honor. \ (n.) Condition of prosperity or grandeur; wealthy or prosperous circumstances; social importance. \ (n.) Appearance of grandeur or dignity; pomp. \ (n.) A chair with a canopy above it, often standing on a dais; a seat of dignity; also, the canopy itself. \ (n.) Estate, possession. \ (n.) A person of high rank. \ (n.) Any body of men united by profession, or constituting a community of a particular character, the civil and ecclesiastical states, or the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons, in Great Britain. Cf. Estate, n., 6. \ (n.) The principal persons in a government. \ (n.) The bodies that constitute the legislature of a country, the States-general of Holland. \ (n.) A form of government which is not monarchial, as a republic. \ (n.) A political body, or body politic; the whole body of people who are united one government, whatever may be the form of the government; a nation. \ (n.) In the United States, one of the commonwealth, or bodies politic, the people of which make up the body of the nation, and which, under the national constitution, stands in certain specified relations with the national government, and are invested, as commonwealth, with full power in their several spheres over all matters not expressly inhibited. \ (n.) Highest and stationary condition, as that of maturity between growth and decline, or as that of crisis between the increase and the abating of a disease; height; acme. \ (a.) Stately. \ (a.) Belonging to the state; public. \ (v. t.) To set; to settle; to establish. \ (v. t.) To express the particulars of; to set down in detail or in gross; to represent fully in words; to narrate; to recite, to state the facts of a case, one's opinion, etc. \ (n.) A statement, a document containing a statement.
insert feed v. to give food to \ (imp. & p. p.) of Fee \ (v. t.) To give food to; to supply with nourishment; to satisfy the physical huger of. \ (v. t.) To satisfy; grafity or minister to, as any sense, talent, taste, or desire. \ (v. t.) To fill the wants of; to supply with that which is used or wasted; as, springs feed ponds; the hopper feeds the mill; to feed a furnace with coal. \ (v. t.) To nourish, in a general sense; to foster, strengthen, develop, and guard. \ (v. t.) To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding, as herbage by cattle, if grain is too forward in autumn, feed it with sheep. \ (v. t.) To give for food, especially to animals; to furnish for consumption, to feed out turnips to the cows; to feed water to a steam boiler. \ (v. t.) To supply (the material to be operated upon) to a machine, to feed paper to a printing press. \ (v. t.) To produce progressive operation upon or with (as in wood and metal working machines, so that the work moves to the cutting tool, or the tool to the work). \ (v. i.) To take food; to eat. \ (v. i.) To subject by eating; to satisfy the appetite; to feed one's self (upon something); to prey; -- with on or upon. \ (v. i.) To be nourished, strengthened, or satisfied, as if by food. \ (v. i.) To place cattle to feed; to pasture; to graze. \ (n.) That which is eaten; esp., food for beasts; fodder; pasture; hay; grain, ground or whole, the best feed for sheep. \ (n.) A grazing or pasture ground. \ (n.) An allowance of provender given to a horse, cow, etc.; a meal, a feed of corn or oats. \ (n.) A meal, or the act of eating. \ (n.) The water supplied to steam boilers. \ (n.) The motion, or act, of carrying forward the stuff to be operated upon, as cloth to the needle in a sewing machine; or of producing progressive operation upon any material or object in a machine, in a turning lathe, by moving the cutting tool along or in the work. \ (n.) The supply of material to a machine, as water to a steam boiler, coal to a furnace, or grain to a run of stones. \ (n.) The mechanism by which the action of feeding is produced; a feed motion.
insert trick v. to cheat; to fool a person so as to get something or make him or her do something \ (a.) An artifice or stratagem; a cunning contrivance; a sly procedure, usually with a dishonest intent; as, a trick in trade. \ (a.) A sly, dexterous, or ingenious procedure fitted to puzzle or amuse, a bear's tricks; a juggler's tricks. \ (a.) Mischievous or annoying behavior; a prank, the tricks of boys. \ (a.) A particular habit or manner; a peculiarity; a trait, a trick of drumming with the fingers; a trick of frowning. \ (a.) A knot, braid, or plait of hair. \ (a.) The whole number of cards played in one round, and consisting of as many cards as there are players. \ (a.) A turn; specifically, the spell of a sailor at the helm, -- usually two hours. \ (a.) A toy; a trifle; a plaything. \ (v. t.) To deceive by cunning or artifice; to impose on; to defraud; to cheat, to trick another in the sale of a horse. \ (v. t.) To dress; to decorate; to set off; to adorn fantastically; -- often followed by up, off, or out. \ (v. t.) To draw in outline, as with a pen; to delineate or distinguish without color, as arms, etc., in heraldry.
insert apartment (n.) A room in a building; a division in a house, separated from others by partitions. \ (n.) A set or suite of rooms. \ (n.) A compartment.
insert does The 3d pers. sing. pres. of Do.
insert gain v. to get possession of; to get more; to increase \ (n.) A square or beveled notch cut out of a girder, binding joist, or other timber which supports a floor beam, so as to receive the end of the floor beam. \ (a.) Convenient; suitable; direct; near; handy; dexterous; easy; profitable; cheap; respectable. \ (v. t.) That which is gained, obtained, or acquired, as increase, profit, advantage, or benefit; -- opposed to loss. \ (v. t.) The obtaining or amassing of profit or valuable possessions; acquisition; accumulation. \ (n.) To get, as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as, to gain a good living. \ (n.) To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition, to gain a battle; to gain a case at law; to gain a prize. \ (n.) To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate. \ (n.) To reach; to attain to; to arrive at, to gain the top of a mountain; to gain a good harbor. \ (n.) To get, incur, or receive, as loss, harm, or damage. \ (v. i.) To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest, health, or happiness; to make progress, the sick man gains daily.
insert skating (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Skate
insert against ad. opposed to; not agreeing with something \ (prep.) Abreast; opposite to; facing; towards; as, against the mouth of a river; -- in this sense often preceded by over. \ (prep.) From an opposite direction so as to strike or come in contact with; in contact with; upon, hail beats against the roof. \ (prep.) In opposition to, whether the opposition is of sentiment or of action; on the other side; counter to; in contrariety to; hence, adverse to, against reason; against law; to run a race against time. \ (prep.) By of before the time that; in preparation for; so as to be ready for the time when.
insert nice ad. pleasing; good; kind \ (superl.) Foolish; silly; simple; ignorant; also, weak; effeminate. \ (superl.) Of trifling moment; nimportant; trivial. \ (superl.) Overscrupulous or exacting; hard to please or satisfy; fastidious in small matters. \ (superl.) Delicate; refined; dainty; pure. \ (superl.) Apprehending slight differences or delicate distinctions; distinguishing accurately or minutely; carefully discriminating; as, a nice taste or judgment. \ (superl.) Done or made with careful labor; suited to excite admiration on account of exactness; evidencing great skill; exact; fine; finished, nice proportions, nice workmanship, a nice application; exactly or fastidiously discriminated; requiring close discrimination, a nice point of law, a nice distinction in philosophy. \ (superl.) Pleasing; agreeable; gratifying; delightful, a nice party; a nice excursion; a nice person; a nice day; a nice sauce, etc.
insert grandfather n. the father of a person's father or mother \ (n.) A father's or mother's father; an ancestor in the next degree above the father or mother in lineal ascent.
insert add v. to put (something) with another to make it larger; to say more \ (v. t.) To give by way of increased possession (to any one); to bestow (on). \ (v. t.) To join or unite, as one thing to another, or as several particulars, so as to increase the number, augment the quantity, enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate. Hence: To sum up; to put together mentally; as, to add numbers; to add up a column. \ (v. t.) To append, as a statement; to say further. \ (v. i.) To make an addition. To add to, to augment; to increase, it adds to our anxiety. \ (v. i.) To perform the arithmetical operation of addition, he adds rapidly.
insert Wednesday (a.) The fourth day of the week; the next day after Tuesday.
insert damage v. to cause injury or destruction; n. harm; hurt or injury, usually to things \ (n.) Injury or harm to person, property, or reputation; an inflicted loss of value; detriment; hurt; mischief. \ (n.) The estimated reparation in money for detriment or injury sustained; a compensation, recompense, or satisfaction to one party, for a wrong or injury actually done to him by another. \ (n.) To ocassion damage to the soudness, goodness, or value of; to hurt; to injure; to impair. \ (v. i.) To receive damage or harm; to be injured or impaired in soudness or value; as. some colors in /oth damage in sunlight.
insert share v. to give part of something to another or others; n. a part belonging to, given to or owned by a single person or a group; any one of the equal parts of ownership of a business or company \ (n.) The part (usually an iron or steel plate) of a plow which cuts the ground at the bottom of a furrow; a plowshare. \ (n.) The part which opens the ground for the reception of the seed, in a machine for sowing seed. \ (v.) A certain quantity; a portion; a part; a division; as, a small share of prudence. \ (v.) Especially, the part allotted or belonging to one, of any property or interest owned by a number; a portion among others; an apportioned lot; an allotment; a dividend. \ (v.) Hence, one of a certain number of equal portions into which any property or invested capital is divided, a ship owned in ten shares. \ (v.) The pubes; the sharebone. \ (v. t.) To part among two or more; to distribute in portions; to divide. \ (v. t.) To partake of, use, or experience, with others; to have a portion of; to take and possess in common, to share a shelter with another. \ (v. t.) To cut; to shear; to cleave; to divide. \ (v. i.) To have part; to receive a portion; to partake, enjoy, or suffer with others.
insert track (n.) A mark left by something that has passed along; as, the track, or wake, of a ship; the track of a meteor; the track of a sled or a wheel. \ (n.) A mark or impression left by the foot, either of man or beast; trace; vestige; footprint. \ (n.) The entire lower surface of the foot; -- said of birds, etc. \ (n.) A road; a beaten path. \ (n.) Course; way, the track of a comet. \ (n.) A path or course laid out for a race, for exercise, etc. \ (n.) The permanent way; the rails. \ (n.) A tract or area, as of land. \ (v. t.) To follow the tracks or traces of; to pursue by following the marks of the feet; to trace; to trail, to track a deer in the snow. \ (v. t.) To draw along continuously, as a vessel, by a line, men or animals on shore being the motive power; to tow.
insert special ad. of a different or unusual kind; not for general use; better or more important than others of the same kind \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a species; constituting a species or sort. \ (a.) Particular; peculiar; different from others; extraordinary; uncommon. \ (a.) Appropriate; designed for a particular purpose, occasion, or person; as, a special act of Parliament or of Congress; a special sermon. \ (a.) Limited in range; confined to a definite field of action, investigation, or discussion, a special dictionary of commercial terms; a special branch of study. \ (a.) Chief in excellence. \ (n.) A particular. \ (n.) One appointed for a special service or occasion.
insert kilogram (n.) Alt. of Kilogramme
insert bathe (v. t.) To wash by immersion, as in a bath; to subject to a bath. \ (v. t.) To lave; to wet. \ (v. t.) To moisten or suffuse with a liquid. \ (v. t.) To apply water or some liquid medicament to; as, to bathe the eye with warm water or with sea water; to bathe one's forehead with camphor. \ (v. t.) To surround, or envelop, as water surrounds a person immersed. \ (v. i.) To bathe one's self; to take a bath or baths. \ (v. i.) To immerse or cover one's self, as in a bath. \ (v. i.) To bask in the sun. \ (n.) The immersion of the body in water; as to take one's usual bathe.
insert its Possessive form of the pronoun it. See It.
insert electric (a.) Alt. of Electrical \ (n.) A nonconductor of electricity, as amber, glass, resin, etc., employed to excite or accumulate electricity.
insert harmony (n.) The just adaptation of parts to each other, in any system or combination of things, or in things, or things intended to form a connected whole; such an agreement between the different parts of a design or composition as to produce unity of effect; as, the harmony of the universe. \ (n.) Concord or agreement in facts, opinions, manners, interests, etc.; good correspondence; peace and friendship, good citizens live in harmony. \ (n.) A literary work which brings together or arranges systematically parallel passages of historians respecting the same events, and shows their agreement or consistency, a harmony of the Gospels. \ (n.) A succession of chords according to the rules of progression and modulation. \ (n.) The science which treats of their construction and progression. \ (n.) See Harmonic suture, under Harmonic.
insert among ad. in or part of (a group) \ (prep.) Alt. of Amongst
insert load v. to put objects on or into a vehicle or container; n. that which is carried \ (v.) A burden; that which is laid on or put in anything for conveyance; that which is borne or sustained; a weight; as, a heavy load. \ (v.) The quantity which can be carried or drawn in some specified way; the contents of a cart, barrow, or vessel; that which will constitute a cargo; lading. \ (v.) That which burdens, oppresses, or grieves the mind or spirits, a load of care. \ (v.) A particular measure for certain articles, being as much as may be carried at one time by the conveyance commonly used for the article measured, a load of wood; a load of hay; specifically, five quarters. \ (v.) The charge of a firearm, a load of powder. \ (v.) Weight or violence of blows. \ (v.) The work done by a steam engine or other prime mover when working. \ (v. t.) To lay a load or burden on or in, as on a horse or in a cart; to charge with a load, as a gun; to furnish with a lading or cargo, as a ship; hence, to add weight to, so as to oppress or embarrass; to heap upon. \ (v. t.) To adulterate or drug, to load wine. \ (v. t.) To magnetize.
insert pray v. to make a request to a god or spirit; to praise a god or spirit \ (n. & v.) See Pry. \ (v. i.) To make request with earnestness or zeal, as for something desired; to make entreaty or supplication; to offer prayer to a deity or divine being as a religious act; specifically, to address the Supreme Being with adoration, confession, supplication, and thanksgiving. \ (v. t.) To address earnest request to; to supplicate; to entreat; to implore; to beseech. \ (v. t.) To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for. \ (v. t.) To effect or accomplish by praying; as, to pray a soul out of purgatory.
insert roll v. to turn over and over; to move like a ball \ (n.) To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface; as, to roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel. \ (n.) To wrap round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over, to roll a sheet of paper; to roll parchment; to roll clay or putty into a ball. \ (n.) To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to inwrap; -- often with up, to roll up a parcel. \ (n.) To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling, a river rolls its waters to the ocean. \ (n.) To utter copiously, esp. with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; -- often with forth, or out, to roll forth some one's praises; to roll out sentences. \ (n.) To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers, to roll a field; to roll paste; to roll steel rails, etc. \ (n.) To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels. \ (n.) To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon. \ (n.) To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in suck manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal. \ (n.) To turn over in one's mind; to revolve. \ (v. i.) To move, as a curved object may, along a surface by rotation without sliding; to revolve upon an axis; to turn over and over, a ball or wheel rolls on the earth; a body rolls on an inclined plane. \ (v. i.) To move on wheels, the carriage rolls along the street. \ (v. i.) To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball, the cloth rolls unevenly; the snow rolls well. \ (v. i.) To fall or tumble; -- with over, a stream rolls over a precipice. \ (v. i.) To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution, the rolling year; ages roll away. \ (v. i.) To turn; to move circularly. \ (v. i.) To move, as waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression. \ (v. i.) To incline first to one side, then to the other; to rock, there is a great difference in ships about rolling; in a general semse, to be tossed about. \ (v. i.) To turn over, or from side to side, while lying down; to wallow, a horse rolls. \ (v. i.) To spread under a roller or rolling-pin, the paste rolls well. \ (v. i.) To beat a drum with strokes so rapid that they can scarcely be distinguished by the ear. \ (v. i.) To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise, the thunder rolls. \ (v.) The act of rolling, or state of being rolled, the roll of a ball; the roll of waves. \ (v.) That which rolls; a roller. \ (v.) A heavy cylinder used to break clods. \ (v.) One of a set of revolving cylinders, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill, to pass rails through the rolls. \ (v.) That which is rolled up, a roll of fat, of wool, paper, cloth, etc.
insert midnight (n.) The middle of the night; twelve o'clock at night. \ (a.) Being in, or characteristic of, the middle of the night; as, midnight studies; midnight gloom.
insert pitcher (n.) One who pitches anything, as hay, quoits, a ball, etc.; specifically (Baseball), the player who delivers the ball to the batsman. \ (n.) A sort of crowbar for digging. \ (n.) A wide-mouthed, deep vessel for holding liquids, with a spout or protruding lip and a handle; a water jug or jar with a large ear or handle. \ (n.) A tubular or cuplike appendage or expansion of the leaves of certain plants.
insert ceiling (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Ceil \ (v. t.) The inside lining of a room overhead; the under side of the floor above; the upper surface opposite to the floor. \ (v. t.) The lining or finishing of any wall or other surface, with plaster, thin boards, etc.; also, the work when done. \ (v. t.) The inner planking of a vessel.
insert journey (n.) The travel or work of a day. \ (n.) Travel or passage from one place to another; hence, figuratively, a passage through life. \ (v. i.) To travel from place to place; to go from home to a distance. \ (v. t.) To traverse; to travel over or through.
insert freedom n. the condition of being free \ (n.) The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence. \ (n.) Privileges; franchises; immunities. \ (n.) Exemption from necessity, in choise and action; as, the freedom of the will. \ (n.) Ease; facility, he speaks or acts with freedom. \ (n.) Frankness; openness; unreservedness. \ (n.) Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license. \ (n.) Generosity; liberality.
insert straw (v. t.) To spread or scatter. See Strew, and Strow. \ (n.) A stalk or stem of certain species of grain, pulse, etc., especially of wheat, rye, oats, barley, more rarely of buckwheat, beans, and pease. \ (n.) The gathered and thrashed stalks of certain species of grain; as, a bundle, or a load, of rye straw. \ (n.) Anything proverbially worthless; the least possible thing; a mere trifle.
insert those (pron.) The plural of that. See That.
insert meat n. the part of a dead animal used for food \ (n.) Food, in general; anything eaten for nourishment, either by man or beast. Hence, the edible part of anything; as, the meat of a lobster, a nut, or an egg. \ (n.) The flesh of animals used as food; esp., animal muscle, a breakfast of bread and fruit without meat. \ (n.) Specifically, dinner; the chief meal. \ (v. t.) To supply with food.
insert butter (n.) An oily, unctuous substance obtained from cream or milk by churning. \ (n.) Any substance resembling butter in degree of consistence, or other qualities, especially, in old chemistry, the chlorides, as butter of antimony, sesquichloride of antimony; also, certain concrete fat oils remaining nearly solid at ordinary temperatures, as butter of cacao, vegetable butter, shea butter. \ (v. t.) To cover or spread with butter. \ (v. t.) To increase, as stakes, at every throw or every game. \ (n.) One who, or that which, butts.
insert pace (n.) A single movement from one foot to the other in walking; a step. \ (n.) The length of a step in walking or marching, reckoned from the heel of one foot to the heel of the other; -- used as a unit in measuring distances; as, he advanced fifty paces. \ (n.) Manner of stepping or moving; gait; walk, the walk, trot, canter, gallop, and amble are paces of the horse; a swaggering pace; a quick pace. \ (n.) A slow gait; a footpace. \ (n.) Specifically, a kind of fast amble; a rack. \ (n.) Any single movement, step, or procedure. \ (n.) A broad step or platform; any part of a floor slightly raised above the rest, as around an altar, or at the upper end of a hall. \ (n.) A device in a loom, to maintain tension on the warp in pacing the web. \ (v. i.) To go; to walk; specifically, to move with regular or measured steps. \ (v. i.) To proceed; to pass on. \ (v. i.) To move quickly by lifting the legs on the same side together, as a horse; to amble with rapidity; to rack. \ (v. i.) To pass away; to die. \ (v. t.) To walk over with measured tread; to move slowly over or upon, the guard paces his round. \ (v. t.) To measure by steps or paces, to pace a piece of ground. \ (v. t.) To develop, guide, or control the pace or paces of; to teach the pace; to break in.
insert drama (n.) A composition, in prose or poetry, accommodated to action, and intended to exhibit a picture of human life, or to depict a series of grave or humorous actions of more than ordinary interest, tending toward some striking result. It is commonly designed to be spoken and represented by actors on the stage. \ (n.) A series of real events invested with a dramatic unity and interest. \ (n.) Dramatic composition and the literature pertaining to or illustrating it; dramatic literature.
insert ride v. to sit on or in and be carried along; to travel by animal, wheeled vehicle, airplane or boat \ (v. i.) To be carried on the back of an animal, as a horse. \ (v. i.) To be borne in a carriage; as, to ride in a coach, in a car, and the like. See Synonym, below. \ (v. i.) To be borne or in a fluid; to float; to lie. \ (v. i.) To be supported in motion; to rest. \ (v. i.) To manage a horse, as an equestrian. \ (v. i.) To support a rider, as a horse; to move under the saddle, a horse rides easy or hard, slow or fast. \ (v. t.) To sit on, so as to be carried, to ride a horse; to ride a bicycle. \ (v. t.) To manage insolently at will; to domineer over. \ (v. t.) To convey, as by riding; to make or do by riding. \ (v. t.) To overlap (each other); -- said of bones or fractured fragments. \ (n.) The act of riding; an excursion on horseback or in a vehicle. \ (n.) A saddle horse. \ (n.) A road or avenue cut in a wood, or through grounds, to be used as a place for riding; a riding.
insert goods n. things owned or made to be sold \ (n. pl.) See Good, n., 3.
insert seat n. a thing to sit on; a place to sit or the right to sit there ("a seat in parliament") \ (n.) The place or thing upon which one sits; hence; anything made to be sat in or upon, as a chair, bench, stool, saddle, or the like. \ (n.) The place occupied by anything, or where any person or thing is situated, resides, or abides; a site; an abode, a station; a post; a situation. \ (n.) That part of a thing on which a person sits; as, the seat of a chair or saddle; the seat of a pair of pantaloons. \ (n.) A sitting; a right to sit; regular or appropriate place of sitting, a seat in a church; a seat for the season in the opera house. \ (n.) Posture, or way of sitting, on horseback. \ (n.) A part or surface on which another part or surface rests, a valve seat. \ (v. t.) To place on a seat; to cause to sit down, to seat one's self. \ (v. t.) To cause to occupy a post, site, situation, or the like; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle. \ (v. t.) To assign a seat to, or the seats of; to give a sitting to, to seat a church, or persons in a church. \ (v. t.) To fix; to set firm. \ (v. t.) To settle; to plant with inhabitants; as to seat a country. \ (v. t.) To put a seat or bottom in, to seat a chair. \ (v. i.) To rest; to lie down.
insert native n. someone who was born in a place, not one who moved there \ (a.) Arising by birth; having an origin; born. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to one's birth; natal; belonging to the place or the circumstances in which one is born; -- opposed to foreign; as, native land, language, color, etc. \ (a.) Born in the region in which one lives, a native inhabitant, race; grown or originating in the region where used or sold; not foreign or imported, native oysters, or strawberries. \ (a.) Original; constituting the original substance of anything, native dust. \ (a.) Conferred by birth; derived from origin; born with one; inherent; inborn; not acquired, native genius, cheerfulness, simplicity, rights, etc. \ (a.) Naturally related; cognate; connected (with). \ (a.) Found in nature uncombined with other elements, native silver. \ (a.) Found in nature; not artificial; as native sodium chloride. \ (n.) One who, or that which, is born in a place or country referred to; a denizen by birth; an animal, a fruit, or vegetable, produced in a certain region, a native of France. \ (n.) Any of the live stock found in a region, as distinguished from such as belong to pure and distinct imported breeds.
insert community n. a group of people living together in one place or area \ (n.) Common possession or enjoyment; participation; as, a community of goods. \ (n.) A body of people having common rights, privileges, or interests, or living in the same place under the same laws and regulations, a community of monks. Hence a number of animals living in a common home or with some apparent association of interests. \ (n.) Society at large; a commonwealth or state; a body politic; the public, or people in general. \ (n.) Common character; likeness. \ (n.) Commonness; frequency.
insert equipment n. things, tools or machines needed for a purpose or activity \ (n.) The act of equipping, or the state of being equipped, as for a voyage or expedition. \ (n.) Whatever is used in equipping; necessaries for an expedition or voyage; the collective designation for the articles comprising an outfit; equipage; as, a railroad equipment (locomotives, cars, etc. ; for carrying on business); horse equipments; infantry equipments; naval equipments; laboratory equipments.
insert hardly (adv.) In a hard or difficult manner; with difficulty. \ (adv.) Unwillingly; grudgingly. \ (adv.) Scarcely; barely; not guite; not wholly. \ (adv.) Severely; harshly; roughly. \ (adv.) Confidently; hardily. \ (adv.) Certainly; surely; indeed.
insert ago ad. of time past; before now \ (a. & adv.) Past; gone by; since; as, ten years ago; gone long ago.
insert album n. a collection of recorded music \ (n.) A white tablet on which anything was inscribed, as a list of names, etc. \ (n.) A register for visitors' names; a visitors' book. \ (n.) A blank book, in which to insert autographs sketches, memorial writing of friends, photographs, etc.
insert economic (a.) Alt. of Economical
insert topic (n.) One of the various general forms of argument employed in probable as distinguished from demonstrative reasoning, -- denominated by Aristotle to`poi (literally, places), as being the places or sources from which arguments may be derived, or to which they may be referred; also, a prepared form of argument, applicable to a great variety of cases, with a supply of which the ancient rhetoricians and orators provided themselves; a commonplace of argument or oratory. \ (n.) A treatise on forms of argument; a system or scheme of forms or commonplaces of argument or oratory; as, the Topics of Aristotle. \ (n.) An argument or reason. \ (n.) The subject of any distinct portion of a discourse, or argument, or literary composition, the general or main subject of the whole; a matter treated of; a subject, as of conversation or of thought; a matter; a point; a head. \ (n.) An external local application or remedy, as a plaster, a blister, etc. \ (a.) Topical.
insert brightly (adv.) Brilliantly; splendidly; with luster; as, brightly shining armor. \ (adv.) With lively intelligence; intelligently.
insert tongue (n.) an organ situated in the floor of the mouth of most vertebrates and connected with the hyoid arch. \ (n.) The power of articulate utterance; speech. \ (n.) Discourse; fluency of speech or expression. \ (n.) Honorable discourse; eulogy. \ (n.) A language; the whole sum of words used by a particular nation; as, the English tongue. \ (n.) Speech; words or declarations only; -- opposed to thoughts or actions. \ (n.) A people having a distinct language. \ (n.) The lingual ribbon, or odontophore, of a mollusk. \ (n.) The proboscis of a moth or a butterfly. \ (n.) The lingua of an insect. \ (n.) Any small sole. \ (n.) That which is considered as resembing an animal's tongue, in position or form. \ (n.) A projection, or slender appendage or fixture, the tongue of a buckle, or of a balance. \ (n.) A projection on the side, as of a board, which fits into a groove. \ (n.) A point, or long, narrow strip of land, projecting from the mainland into a sea or a lake. \ (n.) The pole of a vehicle; especially, the pole of an ox cart, to the end of which the oxen are yoked. \ (n.) The clapper of a bell. \ (n.) A short piece of rope spliced into the upper part of standing backstays, etc.; also. the upper main piece of a mast composed of several pieces. \ (n.) Same as Reed, n., 5. \ (v. t.) To speak; to utter. \ (v. t.) To chide; to scold. \ (v. t.) To modulate or modify with the tongue, as notes, in playing the flute and some other wind instruments. \ (v. t.) To join means of a tongue and grove, to tongue boards together. \ (v. i.) To talk; to prate. \ (v. i.) To use the tongue in forming the notes, as in playing the flute and some other wind instruments.
insert joy (n.) The passion or emotion excited by the acquisition or expectation of good; pleasurable feelings or emotions caused by success, good fortune, and the like, or by a rational prospect of possessing what we love or desire; gladness; exhilaration of spirits; delight. \ (n.) That which causes joy or happiness. \ (n.) The sign or exhibition of joy; gayety; mirth; merriment; festivity. \ (n.) To rejoice; to be glad; to delight; to exult. \ (v. t.) To give joy to; to congratulate. \ (v. t.) To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate. \ (v. t.) To enjoy.
insert Tuesday (n.) The third day of the week, following Monday and preceding Wednesday.
insert emotion n. a strong feeling such as love, hate, fear or sadness \ (n.) A moving of the mind or soul; excitement of the feelings, whether pleasing or painful; disturbance or agitation of mind caused by a specific exciting cause and manifested by some sensible effect on the body.
insert dentist (n.) One whose business it is to clean, extract, or repair natural teeth, and to make and insert artificial ones; a dental surgeon.
insert cold ad. not warm; having or feeling great coolness or a low temperature \ (n.) Deprived of heat, or having a low temperature; not warm or hot; gelid; frigid. \ (n.) Lacking the sensation of warmth; suffering from the absence of heat; chilly; shivering; as, to be cold. \ (n.) Not pungent or acrid. \ (n.) Wanting in ardor, intensity, warmth, zeal, or passion; spiritless; unconcerned; reserved. \ (n.) Unwelcome; disagreeable; unsatisfactory. \ (n.) Wanting in power to excite; dull; uninteresting. \ (n.) Affecting the sense of smell (as of hunting dogs) but feebly; having lost its odor, a cold scent. \ (n.) Not sensitive; not acute. \ (n.) Distant; -- said, in the game of hunting for some object, of a seeker remote from the thing concealed. \ (n.) Having a bluish effect. Cf. Warm, 8. \ (n.) The relative absence of heat or warmth. \ (n.) The sensation produced by the escape of heat; chilliness or chillness. \ (n.) A morbid state of the animal system produced by exposure to cold or dampness; a catarrh. \ (v. i.) To become cold.
insert nest (n.) The bed or receptacle prepared by a fowl for holding her eggs and for hatching and rearing her young. \ (n.) Hence: the place in which the eggs of other animals, as insects, turtles, etc., are laid and hatched; a snug place in which young animals are reared. \ (n.) A snug, comfortable, or cozy residence or situation; a retreat, or place of habitual resort; hence, those who occupy a nest, frequent a haunt, or are associated in the same pursuit; as, a nest of traitors; a nest of bugs. \ (n.) An aggregated mass of any ore or mineral, in an isolated state, within a rock. \ (n.) A collection of boxes, cases, or the like, of graduated size, each put within the one next larger. \ (n.) A compact group of pulleys, gears, springs, working together or collectively. \ (v. i.) To build and occupy a nest. \ (v. t.) To put into a nest; to form a nest for.
insert television n. a device that receives electronic signals and makes them into pictures and sounds; the system of sending pictures and sounds by electronic signals over a distance so others can see and hear them on a receiver
insert lie v. to have one's body on the ground or other surface; to say something that one knows is not true \ (n.) See Lye. \ (n.) A falsehood uttered or acted for the purpose of deception; an intentional violation of truth; an untruth spoken with the intention to deceive. \ (n.) A fiction; a fable; an untruth. \ (n.) Anything which misleads or disappoints. \ (v. i.) To utter falsehood with an intention to deceive; to say or do that which is intended to deceive another, when he a right to know the truth, or when morality requires a just representation. \ (adj.) To rest extended on the ground, a bed, or any support; to be, or to put one's self, in an horizontal position, or nearly so; to be prostate; to be stretched out; -- often with down, when predicated of living creatures; as, the book lies on the table; the snow lies on the roof; he lies in his coffin. \ (adj.) To be situated; to occupy a certain place, Ireland lies west of England; the meadows lie along the river; the ship lay in port. \ (adj.) To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition, to lie waste; to lie fallow; to lie open; to lie hid; to lie grieving; to lie under one's displeasure; to lie at the mercy of the waves; the paper does not lie smooth on the wall. \ (adj.) To be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist; -- with in. \ (adj.) To lodge; to sleep. \ (adj.) To be still or quiet, like one lying down to rest. \ (adj.) To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained. \ (n.) The position or way in which anything lies; the lay, as of land or country.
insert frank (n.) A pigsty. \ (v. t.) To shut up in a frank or sty; to pen up; hence, to cram; to fatten. \ (n.) The common heron; -- so called from its note. \ (n.) Unbounded by restrictions, limitations, etc.; free. \ (n.) Free in uttering one's real sentiments; not reserved; using no disguise; candid; ingenuous; as, a frank nature, conversation, manner, etc. \ (n.) Liberal; generous; profuse. \ (n.) Unrestrained; loose; licentious; -- used in a bad sense. \ (v. t.) To send by public conveyance free of expense. \ (v. t.) To extempt from charge for postage, as a letter, package, or packet, etc. \ (a.) The privilege of sending letters or other mail matter, free of postage, or without charge; also, the sign, mark, or signature denoting that a letter or other mail matter is to free of postage. \ (a.) A member of one of the German tribes that in the fifth century overran and conquered Gaul, and established the kingdom of France. \ (a.) A native or inhabitant of Western Europe; a European; -- a term used in the Levant. \ (a.) A French coin. See Franc.
insert cover v. to put something over a person or thing; n. anything that is put over a person or thing \ (v. t.) To overspread the surface of (one thing) with another; as, to cover wood with paint or lacquer; to cover a table with a cloth. \ (v. t.) To envelop; to clothe, as with a mantle or cloak. \ (v. t.) To invest (one's self with something); to bring upon (one's self), he covered himself with glory. \ (v. t.) To hide sight; to conceal; to cloak, the enemy were covered from our sight by the woods. \ (v. t.) To brood or sit on; to incubate. \ (v. t.) To shelter, as from evil or danger; to protect; to defend, the cavalry covered the retreat. \ (v. t.) To remove from remembrance; to put away; to remit. \ (v. t.) To extend over; to be sufficient for; to comprehend, include, or embrace; to account for or solve; to counterbalance, a mortgage which fully covers a sum loaned on it; a law which covers all possible cases of a crime; receipts than do not cover expenses. \ (v. t.) To put the usual covering or headdress on. \ (v. t.) To copulate with (a female); to serve, a horse covers a mare; -- said of the male. \ (n.) Anything which is laid, set, or spread, upon, about, or over, another thing; an envelope; a lid, the cover of a book. \ (n.) Anything which veils or conceals; a screen; disguise; a cloak. \ (n.) Shelter; protection, the troops fought under cover of the batteries; the woods afforded a good cover. \ (n.) The woods, underbrush, etc., which shelter and conceal game; covert, to beat a cover; to ride to cover. \ (n.) The lap of a slide valve. \ (n.) A tablecloth, and the other table furniture; esp., the table furniture for the use of one person at a meal, covers were laid for fifty guests. \ (v. i.) To spread a table for a meal; to prepare a banquet.
insert toilet (n.) A covering of linen, silk, or tapestry, spread over a table in a chamber or a dressing room. \ (n.) A dressing table. \ (n.) Act or mode of dressing, or that which is arranged in dressing; attire; dress; as, her toilet is perfect.
insert respond (v. i.) To say somethin in return; to answer; to reply; as, to respond to a question or an argument. \ (v. i.) To show some effect in return to a force; to act in response; to accord; to correspond; to suit. \ (v. i.) To render satisfaction; to be answerable, the defendant is held to respond in damages. \ (v. t.) To answer; to reply. \ (v. t.) To suit or accord with; to correspond to. \ (n.) An answer; a response. \ (n.) A short anthem sung at intervals during the reading of a chapter. \ (n.) A half pier or pillar attached to a wall to support an arch.
insert needle (n.) A small instrument of steel, sharply pointed at one end, with an eye to receive a thread, -- used in sewing. \ (n.) See Magnetic needle, under Magnetic. \ (n.) A slender rod or wire used in knitting; a knitting needle; also, a hooked instrument which carries the thread or twine, and by means of which knots or loops are formed in the process of netting, knitting, or crocheting. \ (n.) One of the needle-shaped secondary leaves of pine trees. See Pinus. \ (n.) Any slender, pointed object, like a needle, as a pointed crystal, a sharp pinnacle of rock, an obelisk, etc. \ (v. t.) To form in the shape of a needle; as, to needle crystals. \ (v. i.) To form needles; to crystallize in the form of needles.
insert management (v.) The act or art of managing; the manner of treating, directing, carrying on, or using, for a purpose; conduct; administration; guidance; control; as, the management of a family or of a farm; the management of state affairs. \ (v.) Business dealing; negotiation; arrangement. \ (v.) Judicious use of means to accomplish an end; conduct directed by art or address; skillful treatment; cunning practice; -- often in a bad sense. \ (v.) The collective body of those who manage or direct any enterprise or interest; the board of managers.
insert laugh v. to make sounds to express pleasure or happy feelings \ (v. i.) To show mirth, satisfaction, or derision, by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face, particularly of the mouth, causing a lighting up of the face and eyes, and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter. \ (v. i.) Fig.: To be or appear gay, cheerful, pleasant, mirthful, lively, or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport. \ (v. t.) To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule. \ (v. t.) To express by, or utter with, laughter; -- with out. \ (n.) An expression of mirth peculiar to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter. See Laugh, v. i.
insert secretary (n.) One who keeps, or is intrusted with, secrets. \ (n.) A person employed to write orders, letters, dispatches, public or private papers, records, and the like; an official scribe, amanuensis, or writer; one who attends to correspondence, and transacts other business, for an association, a public body, or an individual. \ (n.) An officer of state whose business is to superintend and manage the affairs of a particular department of government, and who is usually a member of the cabinet or advisory council of the chief executive; as, the secretary of state, who conducts the correspondence and attends to the relations of a government with foreign courts; the secretary of the treasury, who manages the department of finance; the secretary of war, etc. \ (n.) A piece of furniture, with conveniences for writing and for the arrangement of papers; an escritoire. \ (n.) The secretary bird.
insert work v. to use physical or mental effort to make or do something; n. the effort used to make or to do something; that which needs effort; the job one does to earn money
insert back n. the part behind the front; ad. the other way from forward \ (n.) A large shallow vat; a cistern, tub, or trough, used by brewers, distillers, dyers, picklers, gluemakers, and others, for mixing or cooling wort, holding water, hot glue, etc. \ (n.) A ferryboat. See Bac, 1. \ (n.) In human beings, the hinder part of the body, extending from the neck to the end of the spine; in other animals, that part of the body which corresponds most nearly to such part of a human being; as, the back of a horse, fish, or lobster. \ (n.) An extended upper part, as of a mountain or ridge. \ (n.) The outward or upper part of a thing, as opposed to the inner or lower part, the back of the hand, the back of the foot, the back of a hand rail. \ (n.) The part opposed to the front; the hinder or rear part of a thing, the back of a book; the back of an army; the back of a chimney. \ (n.) The part opposite to, or most remote from, that which fronts the speaker or actor; or the part out of sight, or not generally seen, the back of an island, of a hill, or of a village. \ (n.) The part of a cutting tool on the opposite side from its edge, the back of a knife, or of a saw. \ (n.) A support or resource in reserve. \ (n.) The keel and keelson of a ship. \ (n.) The upper part of a lode, or the roof of a horizontal underground passage. \ (n.) A garment for the back; hence, clothing. \ (a.) Being at the back or in the rear; distant; remote, the back door; back settlements. \ (a.) Being in arrear; overdue, back rent. \ (a.) Moving or operating backward, back action. \ (v. i.) To get upon the back of; to mount. \ (v. i.) To place or seat upon the back. \ (v. i.) To drive or force backward; to cause to retreat or recede, to back oxen. \ (v. i.) To make a back for; to furnish with a back, to back books. \ (v. i.) To adjoin behind; to be at the back of. \ (v. i.) To write upon the back of, to back a letter; to indorse, to back a note or legal document. \ (v. i.) To support; to maintain; to second or strengthen by aid or influence, to back a friend. \ (v. i.) To bet on the success of; -- as, to back a race horse. \ (v. i.) To move or go backward, the horse refuses to back. \ (v. i.) To change from one quarter to another by a course opposite to that of the sun; -- used of the wind. \ (v. i.) To stand still behind another dog which has pointed; -- said of a dog. \ (adv.) In, to, or toward, the rear, to stand back; to step back. \ (adv.) To the place from which one came; to the place or person from which something is taken or derived, to go back for something left behind; to go back to one's native place; to put a book back after reading it. \ (adv.) To a former state, condition, or station, to go back to private life; to go back to barbarism. \ (adv.) (Of time) In times past; ago. \ (adv.) Away from contact; by reverse movement. \ (adv.) In concealment or reserve; in one's own possession, to keep back the truth; to keep back part of the money due to another. \ (adv.) In a state of restraint or hindrance.
insert violent (a.) Moving or acting with physical strength; urged or impelled with force; excited by strong feeling or passion; forcible; vehement; impetuous; fierce; furious; severe; as, a violent blow; the violent attack of a disease. \ (a.) Acting, characterized, or produced by unjust or improper force; outrageous; unauthorized, a violent attack on the right of free speech. \ (a.) Produced or effected by force; not spontaneous; unnatural; abnormal. \ (n.) An assailant. \ (v. t.) To urge with violence. \ (v. i.) To be violent; to act violently.
insert printer (n.) One who prints; especially, one who prints books, newspapers, engravings, etc., a compositor; a typesetter; a pressman.
insert ear (n.) The organ of hearing; the external ear. \ (n.) The sense of hearing; the perception of sounds; the power of discriminating between different tones; as, a nice ear for music; -- in the singular only. \ (n.) That which resembles in shape or position the ear of an animal; any prominence or projection on an object, -- usually one for support or attachment; a lug; a handle, the ears of a tub, a skillet, or dish. The ears of a boat are outside kneepieces near the bow. See Illust. of Bell. \ (n.) Same as Acroterium. \ (n.) Same as Crossette. \ (n.) Privilege of being kindly heard; favor; attention. \ (v. t.) To take in with the ears; to hear. \ (n.) The spike or head of any cereal (as, wheat, rye, barley, Indian corn, etc.), containing the kernels. \ (v. i.) To put forth ears in growing; to form ears, as grain, this corn ears well. \ (v. t.) To plow or till; to cultivate.
insert ceremony n. an act or series of acts done in a special way established by tradition \ (n.) Ar act or series of acts, often of a symbolical character, prescribed by law, custom, or authority, in the conduct of important matters, as in the performance of religious duties, the transaction of affairs of state, and the celebration of notable events; as, the ceremony of crowning a sovereign; the ceremonies observed in consecrating a church; marriage and baptismal ceremonies. \ (n.) Behavior regulated by strict etiquette; a formal method of performing acts of civility; forms of civility prescribed by custom or authority. \ (n.) A ceremonial symbols; an emblem, as a crown, scepter, garland, etc. \ (n.) A sign or prodigy; a portent.
insert rose (imp.) of Rise \ imp. of Rise. \ (n.) A flower and shrub of any species of the genus Rosa, of which there are many species, mostly found in the morthern hemispere \ (n.) A knot of ribbon formed like a rose; a rose knot; a rosette, esp. one worn on a shoe. \ (n.) A rose window. See Rose window, below. \ (n.) A perforated nozzle, as of a pipe, spout, etc., for delivering water in fine jets; a rosehead; also, a strainer at the foot of a pump. \ (n.) The erysipelas. \ (n.) The card of the mariner's compass, a circular card with radiating lines, used in other instruments. \ (n.) The color of a rose; rose-red; pink. \ (n.) A diamond. See Rose diamond, below. \ (v. t.) To render rose-colored; to redden; to flush. \ (v. t.) To perfume, as with roses.
insert wound v. to injure; to hurt; to cause physical damage to a person or animal; n. an injury to the body of a human or animal in which the skin is usually cut or broken \ (imp. & p. p.) of Wind \ imp. & p. p. of Wind to twist, and Wind to sound by blowing. \ (n.) A hurt or injury caused by violence; specifically, a breach of the skin and flesh of an animal, or in the substance of any creature or living thing; a cut, stab, rent, or the like. \ (n.) Fig.: An injury, hurt, damage, detriment, or the like, to feeling, faculty, reputation, etc. \ (n.) An injury to the person by which the skin is divided, or its continuity broken; a lesion of the body, involving some solution of continuity. \ (n.) To hurt by violence; to produce a breach, or separation of parts, in, as by a cut, blow, or the like. \ (n.) To hurt the feelings of; to pain by disrespect, ingratitude; to cause injury to.
insert it pro. a thing, place, event or idea that is being spoken about ("The sky is blue, but it also has a few white clouds.") \ (pron.) The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural (they, their or theirs, them). \ (pron.) As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the book, take it home. \ (pron.) As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence, pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or referring to that which apparent or well known, I saw it was John. \ (pron.) As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb, it snows; it rains. \ (pron.) As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs, the condition of things, and the like, how is it with the sick man? \ (pron.) As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a substantive used humorously as a verb, to foot it (i. e., to walk).
insert wake (n.) The track left by a vessel in the water; by extension, any track; as, the wake of an army. \ (v. i.) To be or to continue awake; to watch; not to sleep. \ (v. i.) To sit up late festive purposes; to hold a night revel. \ (v. i.) To be excited or roused from sleep; to awake; to be awakened; to cease to sleep; -- often with up. \ (v. i.) To be exited or roused up; to be stirred up from a dormant, torpid, or inactive state; to be active. \ (v. t.) To rouse from sleep; to awake. \ (v. t.) To put in motion or action; to arouse; to excite. \ (v. t.) To bring to life again, as if from the sleep of death; to reanimate; to revive. \ (v. t.) To watch, or sit up with, at night, as a dead body. \ (n.) The act of waking, or being awaked; also, the state of being awake. \ (n.) The state of forbearing sleep, especially for solemn or festive purposes; a vigil. \ (n.) An annual parish festival formerly held in commemoration of the dedication of a church. Originally, prayers were said on the evening preceding, and hymns were sung during the night, in the church; subsequently, these vigils were discontinued, and the day itself, often with succeeding days, was occupied in rural pastimes and exercises, attended by eating and drinking, often to excess. \ (n.) The sitting up of persons with a dead body, often attended with a degree of festivity, chiefly among the Irish.
insert seldom (a.) Rare; infrequent.
insert permanent ad. never changing; lasting for a very long time or for all time \ (a.) Continuing in the same state, or without any change that destroys form or character; remaining unaltered or unremoved; abiding; durable; fixed; stable; lasting; as, a permanent impression.
insert tent (n.) A kind of wine of a deep red color, chiefly from Galicia or Malaga in Spain; -- called also tent wine, and tinta. \ (n.) Attention; regard, care. \ (n.) Intention; design. \ (v. t.) To attend to; to heed; hence, to guard; to hinder. \ (v. t.) To probe or to search with a tent; to keep open with a tent; as, to tent a wound. Used also figuratively. \ (n.) A roll of lint or linen, or a conical or cylindrical piece of sponge or other absorbent, used chiefly to dilate a natural canal, to keep open the orifice of a wound, or to absorb discharges. \ (n.) A probe for searching a wound. \ (n.) A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, -- used for sheltering persons from the weather, especially soldiers in camp. \ (n.) The representation of a tent used as a bearing. \ (v. i.) To lodge as a tent; to tabernacle.
insert hole n. an opening; a torn or broken place in something \ (a.) Whole. \ (n.) A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; an opening in or through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent; a fissure. \ (n.) An excavation in the ground, made by an animal to live in, or a natural cavity inhabited by an animal; hence, a low, narrow, or dark lodging or place; a mean habitation. \ (n.) To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in; as, to hole a post for the insertion of rails or bars. \ (n.) To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball. \ (v. i.) To go or get into a hole. \ (n.) A small cavity used in some games, usually one into which a marble or ball is to be played or driven, a score made by playing a marble or ball into such a hole, as in golf. \ (n.) At Eton College, England, that part of the floor of the court between the step and the pepperbox.
insert central (a.) Relating to the center; situated in or near the center or middle; containing the center; of or pertaining to the parts near the center; equidistant or equally accessible from certain points. \ (n.) Alt. of Centrale
insert long ad. not short; measuring from beginning to end; measuring much; for much time \ (superl.) Drawn out in a line, or in the direction of length; protracted; extended; as, a long line; -- opposed to short, and distinguished from broad or wide. \ (superl.) Drawn out or extended in time; continued through a considerable tine, or to a great length, a long series of events; a long debate; a long drama; a long history; a long book. \ (superl.) Slow in passing; causing weariness by length or duration; lingering, long hours of watching. \ (superl.) Occurring or coming after an extended interval; distant in time; far away. \ (superl.) Extended to any specified measure; of a specified length, a span long; a yard long; a mile long, that is, extended to the measure of a mile, etc. \ (superl.) Far-reaching; extensive. \ (superl.) Prolonged, or relatively more prolonged, in utterance; -- said of vowels and syllables. See Short, a., 13, and Guide to Pronunciation, // 22, 30. \ (n.) A note formerly used in music, one half the length of a large, twice that of a breve. \ (n.) A long sound, syllable, or vowel. \ (n.) The longest dimension; the greatest extent; -- in the phrase, the long and the short of it, the sum and substance of it. \ (adv.) To a great extent in apace, a long drawn out line. \ (adv.) To a great extent in time; during a long time. \ (adv.) At a point of duration far distant, either prior or posterior, not long before; not long after; long before the foundation of Rome; long after the Conquest. \ (adv.) Through the whole extent or duration. \ (adv.) Through an extent of time, more or less; -- only in question, how long will you be gone? \ (prep.) By means of; by the fault of; because of. \ (a.) To feel a strong or morbid desire or craving; to wish for something with eagerness; -- followed by an infinitive, or by after or for. \ (a.) To belong; -- used with to, unto, or for. \ (a.) Having a supply of stocks or goods; prepared for, or depending for a profit upon, advance in prices, long of cotton. Hence, the phrases: to be, or go, long of the market, to be on the long side of the market, to hold products or securities for a rise in price, esp. when bought on a margin.
insert you pro. the person or persons being spoken to \ (dat. & obj.) The pronoun of the second person, in the nominative, dative, and objective case, indicating the person or persons addressed. See the Note under Ye.
insert shopkeeper (n.) A trader who sells goods in a shop, or by retail; -- in distinction from one who sells by wholesale.
insert occur (v. i.) To meet; to clash. \ (v. i.) To go in order to meet; to make reply. \ (v. i.) To meet one's eye; to be found or met with; to present itself; to offer; to appear; to happen; to take place; as, I will write if opportunity occurs. \ (v. i.) To meet or come to the mind; to suggest itself; to be presented to the imagination or memory.
insert plum (n.) The edible drupaceous fruit of the Prunus domestica, and of several other species of Prunus; also, the tree itself, usually called plum tree. \ (n.) A grape dried in the sun; a raisin. \ (n.) A handsome fortune or property; formerly, in cant language, the sum of 100,000 sterling, the person possessing it. \ (n.) Something likened to a plum in desirableness; a good or choice thing of its kind, as among appointments, positions, parts of a book, etc.
insert course (n.) The act of moving from one point to another; progress; passage. \ (n.) The ground or path traversed; track; way. \ (n.) Motion, considered as to its general or resultant direction or to its goal; line progress or advance. \ (n.) Progress from point to point without change of direction; any part of a progress from one place to another, which is in a straight line, or on one direction; as, a ship in a long voyage makes many courses; a course measured by a surveyor between two stations; also, a progress without interruption or rest; a heat, one course of a race. \ (n.) Motion considered with reference to manner; or derly progress; procedure in a certain line of thought or action, the course of an argument. \ (n.) Customary or established sequence of events; recurrence of events according to natural laws. \ (n.) Method of procedure; manner or way of conducting; conduct; behavior. \ (n.) A series of motions or acts arranged in order; a succession of acts or practices connectedly followed, a course of medicine; a course of lectures on chemistry. \ (n.) The succession of one to another in office or duty; order; turn. \ (n.) That part of a meal served at one time, with its accompaniments. \ (n.) A continuous level range of brick or stones of the same height throughout the face or faces of a building. \ (n.) The lowest sail on any mast of a square-rigged vessel, the fore course, main course, etc. \ (n.) The menses. \ (v. t.) To run, hunt, or chase after; to follow hard upon; to pursue. \ (v. t.) To cause to chase after or pursue game, to course greyhounds after deer. \ (v. t.) To run through or over. \ (v. i.) To run as in a race, or in hunting; to pursue the sport of coursing, the sportsmen coursed over the flats of Lancashire. \ (v. i.) To move with speed; to race, the blood courses through the veins.
insert crime n. an act that violates a law \ (n.) Any violation of law, either divine or human; an omission of a duty commanded, or the commission of an act forbidden by law. \ (n.) Gross violation of human law, in distinction from a misdemeanor or trespass, or other slight offense. Hence, also, any aggravated offense against morality or the public welfare; any outrage or great wrong. \ (n.) Any great wickedness or sin; iniquity. \ (n.) That which occasion crime.
insert pour v. to flow; to cause to flow \ (a.) Poor. \ (v. i.) To pore. \ (v. t.) To cause to flow in a stream, as a liquid or anything flowing like a liquid, either out of a vessel or into it; as, to pour water from a pail; to pour wine into a decanter; to pour oil upon the waters; to pour out sand or dust. \ (v. t.) To send forth as in a stream or a flood; to emit; to let escape freely or wholly. \ (v. t.) To send forth from, as in a stream; to discharge uninterruptedly. \ (v. i.) To flow, pass, or issue in a stream, or as a stream; to fall continuously and abundantly, the rain pours; the people poured out of the theater. \ (n.) A stream, or something like a stream; a flood.
insert deny v. to declare that something is not true; to refuse a request \ (v. t.) To declare not to be true; to gainsay; to contradict; -- opposed to affirm, allow, or admit. \ (v. t.) To refuse (to do something or to accept something); to reject; to decline; to renounce. \ (v. t.) To refuse to grant; to withhold; to refuse to gratify or yield to; as, to deny a request. \ (v. t.) To disclaim connection with, responsibility for, and the like; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow. \ (v. i.) To answer in /// negative; to declare an assertion not to be true.
insert skin n. the outer covering of humans and most animals \ (n.) The external membranous integument of an animal. \ (n.) The hide of an animal, separated from the body, whether green, dry, or tanned; especially, that of a small animal, as a calf, sheep, or goat. \ (n.) A vessel made of skin, used for holding liquids. See Bottle, 1. \ (n.) The bark or husk of a plant or fruit; the exterior coat of fruits and plants. \ (n.) That part of a sail, when furled, which remains on the outside and covers the whole. \ (n.) The covering, as of planking or iron plates, outside the framing, forming the sides and bottom of a vessel; the shell; also, a lining inside the framing. \ (v. t.) To strip off the skin or hide of; to flay; to peel; as, to skin an animal. \ (v. t.) To cover with skin, or as with skin; hence, to cover superficially. \ (v. t.) To strip of money or property; to cheat. \ (v. i.) To become covered with skin, a wound skins over. \ (v. i.) To produce, in recitation, examination, etc., the work of another for one's own, or to use in such exercise cribs, memeoranda, which are prohibited.
insert freeze v. to cause or to become very cold; to make or to become hard by cold \ (n.) A frieze. \ (v. i.) To become congealed by cold; to be changed from a liquid to a solid state by the abstraction of heat; to be hardened into ice or a like solid body. \ (v. i.) To become chilled with cold, or as with cold; to suffer loss of animation or life by lack of heat; as, the blood freezes in the veins. \ (v. t.) To congeal; to harden into ice; to convert from a fluid to a solid form by cold, or abstraction of heat. \ (v. t.) To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give the sensation of cold to; to chill. \ (n.) The act of congealing, or the state of being congealed.
insert fancy (n.) The faculty by which the mind forms an image or a representation of anything perceived before; the power of combining and modifying such objects into new pictures or images; the power of readily and happily creating and recalling such objects for the purpose of amusement, wit, or embellishment; imagination. \ (n.) An image or representation of anything formed in the mind; conception; thought; idea; conceit. \ (n.) An opinion or notion formed without much reflection; caprice; whim; impression. \ (n.) Inclination; liking, formed by caprice rather than reason; as, to strike one's fancy; hence, the object of inclination or liking. \ (n.) That which pleases or entertains the taste or caprice without much use or value. \ (n.) A sort of love song or light impromptu ballad. \ (v. i.) To figure to one's self; to believe or imagine something without proof. \ (v. i.) To love. \ (v. t.) To form a conception of; to portray in the mind; to imagine. \ (v. t.) To have a fancy for; to like; to be pleased with, particularly on account of external appearance or manners. \ (v. t.) To believe without sufficient evidence; to imagine (something which is unreal). \ (a.) Adapted to please the fancy or taste; ornamental, fancy goods. \ (a.) Extravagant; above real value.
insert theater n. a place where movies are shown or plays are performed \ (n.) Alt. of Theatre
insert instrument n. a tool or device designed to do something or to make something \ (n.) That by means of which any work is performed, or result is effected; a tool; a utensil; an implement; as, the instruments of a mechanic; astronomical instruments. \ (n.) A contrivance or implement, by which musical sounds are produced, a musical instrument. \ (n.) A writing, as the means of giving formal expression to some act; a writing expressive of some act, contract, process, as a deed, writ, etc. \ (n.) One who, or that which, is made a means, or is caused to serve a purpose; a medium, means, or agent. \ (v. t.) To perform upon an instrument; to prepare for an instrument, a sonata instrumented for orchestra.
insert come v. to move toward; to arrive \ (p. p.) of Come \ (n.) To move hitherward; to draw near; to approach the speaker, or some place or person indicated; -- opposed to go. \ (n.) To complete a movement toward a place; to arrive. \ (n.) To approach or arrive, as if by a journey or from a distance. \ (n.) To approach or arrive, as the result of a cause, or of the act of another. \ (n.) To arrive in sight; to be manifest; to appear. \ (n.) To get to be, as the result of change or progress; -- with a predicate; as, to come untied. \ (v. t.) To carry through; to succeed in, you can't come any tricks here. \ (n.) Coming.
insert cleaner (n.) One who, or that which, cleans.
insert threaten v. to warn that one will do harm or cause damage \ (v. t.) To utter threats against; to menace; to inspire with apprehension; to alarm, or attempt to alarm, as with the promise of something evil or disagreeable; to warn. \ (v. t.) To exhibit the appearance of (something evil or unpleasant) as approaching; to indicate as impending; to announce the conditional infliction of; as, to threaten war; to threaten death. \ (v. i.) To use threats, or menaces; also, to have a threatening appearance.
insert break v. to divide into parts by force; to destroy \ (v. t.) To strain apart; to sever by fracture; to divide with violence; as, to break a rope or chain; to break a seal; to break an axle; to break rocks or coal; to break a lock. \ (v. t.) To lay open as by breaking; to divide, to break a package of goods. \ (v. t.) To lay open, as a purpose; to disclose, divulge, or communicate. \ (v. t.) To infringe or violate, as an obligation, law, or promise. \ (v. t.) To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate, to break silence; to break one's sleep; to break one's journey. \ (v. t.) To destroy the completeness of; to remove a part from, to break a set. \ (v. t.) To destroy the arrangement of; to throw into disorder; to pierce, the cavalry were not able to break the British squares. \ (v. t.) To shatter to pieces; to reduce to fragments. \ (v. t.) To exchange for other money or currency of smaller denomination, to break a five dollar bill. \ (v. t.) To destroy the strength, firmness, or consistency of, to break flax. \ (v. t.) To weaken or impair, as health, spirit, or mind. \ (v. t.) To diminish the force of; to lessen the shock of, as a fall or blow. \ (v. t.) To impart, as news or information; to broach; -- with to, and often with a modified word implying some reserve, to break the news gently to the widow; to break a purpose cautiously to a friend. \ (v. t.) To tame; to reduce to subjection; to make tractable; to discipline, to break a horse to the harness or saddle. \ (v. t.) To destroy the financial credit of; to make bankrupt; to ruin. \ (v. t.) To destroy the official character and standing of; to cashier; to dismiss. \ (v. i.) To come apart or divide into two or more pieces, usually with suddenness and violence; to part; to burst asunder. \ (v. i.) To open spontaneously, or by pressure from within, as a bubble, a tumor, a seed vessel, a bag. \ (v. i.) To burst forth; to make its way; to come to view; to appear; to dawn. \ (v. i.) To burst forth violently, as a storm. \ (v. i.) To open up; to be scattered; to be dissipated, the clouds are breaking. \ (v. i.) To become weakened in constitution or faculties; to lose health or strength. \ (v. i.) To be crushed, or overwhelmed with sorrow or grief, my heart is breaking. \ (v. i.) To fall in business; to become bankrupt. \ (v. i.) To make an abrupt or sudden change; to change the gait, to break into a run or gallop. \ (v. i.) To fail in musical quality, a singer's voice breaks when it is strained beyond its compass and a tone or note is not completed, but degenerates into an unmusical sound instead. Also, to change in tone, as a boy's voice at puberty. \ (v. i.) To fall out; to terminate friendship. \ (v. t.) An opening made by fracture or disruption. \ (v. t.) An interruption of continuity; change of direction, a break in a wall; a break in the deck of a ship. \ (v. t.) A projection or recess from the face of a building. \ (n.) See Commutator.
insert rate n. speed; a measure of how quickly or how often something happens; the price of any thing or service that is bought or sold \ (v. t. & i.) To chide with vehemence; to scold; to censure violently. \ (n.) Established portion or measure; fixed allowance. \ (n.) That which is established as a measure or criterion; degree; standard; rank; proportion; ratio; as, a slow rate of movement; rate of interest is the ratio of the interest to the principal, per annum. \ (n.) Valuation; price fixed with relation to a standard; cost; charge, high or low rates of transportation. \ (n.) A tax or sum assessed by authority on property for public use, according to its income or value; esp., in England, a local tax, parish rates; town rates. \ (n.) Order; arrangement. \ (n.) Ratification; approval. \ (n.) The gain or loss of a timepiece in a unit of time, daily rate; hourly rate; etc. \ (n.) The order or class to which a war vessel belongs, determined according to its size, armament, etc., first rate, second rate, etc. \ (n.) The class of a merchant vessel for marine insurance, determined by its relative safety as a risk, as A1, A2, etc. \ (v. t.) To set a certain estimate on; to value at a certain price or degree. \ (v. t.) To assess for the payment of a rate or tax. \ (v. t.) To settle the relative scale, position, amount, value, or quality of, to rate a ship; to rate a seaman; to rate a pension. \ (v. t.) To ratify. \ (v. i.) To be set or considered in a class; to have rank, the ship rates as a ship of the line. \ (v. i.) To make an estimate.
insert slave n. a person owned or controlled by another \ (n.) See Slav. \ (n.) A person who is held in bondage to another; one who is wholly subject to the will of another; one who is held as a chattel; one who has no freedom of action, but whose person and services are wholly under the control of another. \ (n.) One who has lost the power of resistance; one who surrenders himself to any power whatever; as, a slave to passion, to lust, to strong drink, to ambition. \ (n.) A drudge; one who labors like a slave. \ (n.) An abject person; a wretch. \ (v. i.) To drudge; to toil; to labor as a slave. \ (v. t.) To enslave.
insert ours (pl. ) of I \ (possessive pron.) See Note under Our.
insert together ad. in one group; at the same time or place; in cooperation \ (prep.) In company or association with respect to place or time; as, to live together in one house; to live together in the same age; they walked together to the town. \ (prep.) In or into union; into junction, to sew, knit, or fasten two things together; to mix things together. \ (prep.) In concert; with mutual cooperation, the allies made war upon France together.
insert outdoor (a.) Being, or done, in the open air; being or done outside of certain buildings, as poorhouses, hospitals, etc.; as, outdoor exercise; outdoor relief; outdoor patients.
insert cafeteria (n.) A restaurant or cafe at which the patrons serve themselves with food kept at a counter, taking the food to small tables to eat.
insert exit He (or she ) goes out, or retires from view; as, exit Macbeth. \ (n.) The departure of a player from the stage, when he has performed his part. \ (n.) Any departure; the act of quitting the stage of action or of life; death, to make one's exit. \ (n.) A way of departure; passage out of a place; egress; way out.
insert tail (n.) Limitation; abridgment. \ (a.) Limited; abridged; reduced; curtailed; as, estate tail. \ (n.) The terminal, and usually flexible, posterior appendage of an animal. \ (n.) Any long, flexible terminal appendage; whatever resembles, in shape or position, the tail of an animal, as a catkin. \ (n.) Hence, the back, last, lower, or inferior part of anything, -- as opposed to the head, or the superior part. \ (n.) A train or company of attendants; a retinue. \ (n.) The side of a coin opposite to that which bears the head, effigy, or date; the reverse; -- rarely used except in the expression "heads or tails," employed when a coin is thrown up for the purpose of deciding some point by its fall. \ (n.) The distal tendon of a muscle. \ (n.) A downy or feathery appendage to certain achenes. It is formed of the permanent elongated style. \ (n.) A portion of an incision, at its beginning or end, which does not go through the whole thickness of the skin, and is more painful than a complete incision; -- called also tailing. \ (n.) One of the strips at the end of a bandage formed by splitting the bandage one or more times. \ (n.) A rope spliced to the strap of a block, by which it may be lashed to anything. \ (n.) The part of a note which runs perpendicularly upward or downward from the head; the stem. \ (n.) Same as Tailing, 4. \ (n.) The bottom or lower portion of a member or part, as a slate or tile. \ (n.) See Tailing, n., 5. \ (v. t.) To follow or hang to, like a tail; to be attached closely to, as that which can not be evaded. \ (v. t.) To pull or draw by the tail. \ (v. i.) To hold by the end; -- said of a timber when it rests upon a wall or other support; -- with in or into. \ (v. i.) To swing with the stern in a certain direction; -- said of a vessel at anchor, this vessel tails down stream. \ (n.) In some forms of rope-laying machine, pieces of rope attached to the iron bar passing through the grooven wooden top containing the strands, for wrapping around the rope to be laid. \ (n.) A tailed coat; a tail coat. \ (n.) In flying machines, a plane or group of planes used at the rear to confer stability.
insert maybe (adv.) Perhaps; possibly; peradventure. \ (a.) Possible; probable, but not sure. \ (n.) Possibility; uncertainty.
insert star n. a mass of gas that usually appears as a small light in the sky at night, but is not a planet; a famous person, usually an actor or singer \ (n.) One of the innumerable luminous bodies seen in the heavens; any heavenly body other than the sun, moon, comets, and nebulae. \ (n.) The polestar; the north star. \ (n.) A planet supposed to influence one's destiny; (usually pl.) a configuration of the planets, supposed to influence fortune. \ (n.) That which resembles the figure of a star, as an ornament worn on the breast to indicate rank or honor. \ (n.) Specifically, a radiated mark in writing or printing; an asterisk [thus, *]; -- used as a reference to a note, or to fill a blank where something is omitted, etc. \ (n.) A composition of combustible matter used in the heading of rockets, in mines, etc., which, exploding in the air, presents a starlike appearance. \ (n.) A person of brilliant and attractive qualities, especially on public occasions, as a distinguished orator, a leading theatrical performer, etc. \ (v. t.) To set or adorn with stars, or bright, radiating bodies; to bespangle; as, a robe starred with gems. \ (v. i.) To be bright, or attract attention, as a star; to shine like a star; to be brilliant or prominent; to play a part as a theatrical star.
insert manage (n.) The handling or government of anything, but esp. of a horse; management; administration. See Manege. \ (n.) To have under control and direction; to conduct; to guide; to administer; to treat; to handle. \ (n.) Hence: Esp., to guide by careful or delicate treatment; to wield with address; to make subservient by artful conduct; to bring around cunningly to one's plans. \ (n.) To train in the manege, as a horse; to exercise in graceful or artful action. \ (n.) To treat with care; to husband. \ (n.) To bring about; to contrive. \ (v. i.) To direct affairs; to carry on business or affairs; to administer.
insert probable (a.) Capable of being proved. \ (a.) Having more evidence for than against; supported by evidence which inclines the mind to believe, but leaves some room for doubt; likely. \ (a.) Rendering probable; supporting, or giving ground for, belief, but not demonstrating; as, probable evidence; probable presumption.
insert block v. to stop something from being done; to prevent movement \ (v. t.) A piece of wood more or less bulky; a solid mass of wood, stone, etc., usually with one or more plane, or approximately plane, faces; as, a block on which a butcher chops his meat; a block by which to mount a horse; children's playing blocks \ (v. t.) The solid piece of wood on which condemned persons lay their necks when they are beheaded. \ (v. t.) The wooden mold on which hats, bonnets, are shaped. \ (v. t.) The pattern or shape of a hat. \ (v. t.) A large or long building divided into separate houses or shops, or a number of houses or shops built in contact with each other so as to form one building; a row of houses or shops. \ (v. t.) A square, or portion of a city inclosed by streets, whether occupied by buildings or not. \ (v. t.) A grooved pulley or sheave incased in a frame or shell which is provided with a hook, eye, or strap, by which it may be attached to an object. It is used to change the direction of motion, as in raising a heavy object that can not be conveniently reached, and also, when two or more such sheaves are compounded, to change the rate of motion, or to exert increased force; -- used especially in the rigging of ships, and in tackles. \ (v. t.) The perch on which a bird of prey is kept. \ (v. t.) Any obstruction, or cause of obstruction; a stop; a hindrance; an obstacle, a block in the way. \ (v. t.) A piece of box or other wood for engravers' work. \ (v. t.) A piece of hard wood (as mahogany or cherry) on which a stereotype or electrotype plate is mounted to make it type high. \ (v. t.) A blockhead; a stupid fellow; a dolt. \ (v. t.) A section of a railroad where the block system is used. See Block system, below. \ (n.) To obstruct so as to prevent passage or progress; to prevent passage from, through, or into, by obstructing the way; -- used both of persons and things; -- often followed by up, to block up a road or harbor. \ (n.) To secure or support by means of blocks; to secure, as two boards at their angles of intersection, by pieces of wood glued to each. \ (n.) To shape on, or stamp with, a block, to block a hat. \ (n.) In Australia, one of the large lots into which public land, when opened to settlers, is divided by the government surveyors. \ (n.) The position of a player or bat when guarding the wicket. \ (n.) A block hole. \ (n.) The popping crease.
insert assist v. to help \ (v. t.) To give support to in some undertaking or effort, or in time of distress; to help; to aid; to succor. \ (v. i.) To lend aid; to help. \ (v. i.) To be present as a spectator; as, to assist at a public meeting.
insert elder (a.) Older; more aged, or existing longer. \ (a.) Born before another; prior in years; senior; earlier; older; as, his elder brother died in infancy; -- opposed to younger, and now commonly applied to a son, daughter, child, brother, etc. \ (a.) One who is older; a superior in age; a senior. \ (a.) An aged person; one who lived at an earlier period; a predecessor. \ (a.) A person who, on account of his age, occupies the office of ruler or judge; hence, a person occupying any office appropriate to such as have the experience and dignity which age confers, the elders of Israel; the elders of the synagogue; the elders in the apostolic church. \ (a.) A clergyman authorized to administer all the sacraments, a traveling elder. \ (n.) A genus of shrubs (Sambucus) having broad umbels of white flowers, and small black or red berries.
insert vague (v. i.) Wandering; vagrant; vagabond. \ (v. i.) Unsettled; unfixed; undetermined; indefinite; ambiguous; as, a vague idea; a vague proposition. \ (v. i.) Proceeding from no known authority; unauthenticated; uncertain; flying, a vague report. \ (n.) An indefinite expanse. \ (v. i.) To wander; to roam; to stray. \ (n.) A wandering; a vagary.
insert three (a.) One more than two; two and one. \ (n.) The number greater by a unit than two; three units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing three units, as 3 or iii.
insert mouth (n.) The opening through which an animal receives food; the aperture between the jaws or between the lips; also, the cavity, containing the tongue and teeth, between the lips and the pharynx; the buccal cavity. \ (n.) An opening affording entrance or exit; orifice; aperture; \ (n.) The opening of a vessel by which it is filled or emptied, charged or discharged; as, the mouth of a jar or pitcher; the mouth of the lacteal vessels, etc. \ (n.) The opening or entrance of any cavity, as a cave, pit, well, or den. \ (n.) The opening of a piece of ordnance, through which it is discharged. \ (n.) The opening through which the waters of a river or any stream are discharged. \ (n.) The entrance into a harbor. \ (n.) The crosspiece of a bridle bit, which enters the mouth of an animal. \ (n.) A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece. \ (n.) Cry; voice. \ (n.) Speech; language; testimony. \ (n.) A wry face; a grimace; a mow. \ (v. t.) To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour. \ (v. t.) To utter with a voice affectedly big or swelling; to speak in a strained or unnaturally sonorous manner. \ (v. t.) To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick, as a bear her cub. \ (v. t.) To make mouths at. \ (v. i.) To speak with a full, round, or loud, affected voice; to vociferate; to rant. \ (v. i.) To put mouth to mouth; to kiss. \ (v. i.) To make grimaces, esp. in ridicule or contempt.
insert moon n. the bright object often seen in the night sky that orbits the earth about every twenty-nine days \ (n.) The celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet, whose light, borrowed from the sun, is reflected to the earth, and serves to dispel the darkness of night. The diameter of the moon is 2,160 miles, its mean distance from the earth is 240,000 miles, and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. See Lunar month, under Month. \ (n.) A secondary planet, or satellite, revolving about any member of the solar system; as, the moons of Jupiter or Saturn. \ (n.) The time occupied by the moon in making one revolution in her orbit; a month. \ (n.) A crescentlike outwork. See Half-moon. \ (v. t.) To expose to the rays of the moon. \ (v. i.) To act if moonstruck; to wander or gaze about in an abstracted manner.
insert rock n. a hard piece of mineral matter \ (n.) See Roc. \ (n.) A distaff used in spinning; the staff or frame about which flax is arranged, and from which the thread is drawn in spinning. \ (n.) A large concreted mass of stony material; a large fixed stone or crag. See Stone. \ (n.) Any natural deposit forming a part of the earth's crust, whether consolidated or not, including sand, earth, clay, etc., when in natural beds. \ (n.) That which resembles a rock in firmness; a defense; a support; a refuge. \ (n.) Fig.: Anything which causes a disaster or wreck resembling the wreck of a vessel upon a rock. \ (n.) The striped bass. See under Bass. \ (v. t.) To cause to sway backward and forward, as a body resting on a support beneath; as, to rock a cradle or chair; to cause to vibrate; to cause to reel or totter. \ (v. t.) To move as in a cradle; hence, to put to sleep by rocking; to still; to quiet. \ (v. i.) To move or be moved backward and forward; to be violently agitated; to reel; to totter. \ (v. i.) To roll or saway backward and forward upon a support, to rock in a rocking-chair.
insert shy (superl.) Easily frightened; timid; as, a shy bird. \ (superl.) Reserved; coy; disinclined to familiar approach. \ (superl.) Cautious; wary; suspicious. \ (a.) To start suddenly aside through fright or suspicion; -- said especially of horses. \ (v. t.) To throw sidewise with a jerk; to fling, to shy a stone; to shy a slipper. \ (n.) A sudden start aside, as by a horse. \ (n.) A side throw; a throw; a fling. \ (a.) Inadequately supplied; short; lacking, the team is shy two players.
insert plenty n. all that is needed; a large enough amount \ (a.) Full or adequate supply; enough and to spare; sufficiency; specifically, abundant productiveness of the earth; ample supply for human wants; abundance; copiousness. \ (a.) Plentiful; abundant.
insert staff (n.) A long piece of wood; a stick; the long handle of an instrument or weapon; a pole or srick, used for many purposes; as, a surveyor's staff; the staff of a spear or pike. \ (n.) A stick carried in the hand for support or defense by a person walking; hence, a support; that which props or upholds. \ (n.) A pole, stick, or wand borne as an ensign of authority; a badge of office, a constable's staff. \ (n.) A pole upon which a flag is supported and displayed. \ (n.) The round of a ladder. \ (n.) A series of verses so disposed that, when it is concluded, the same order begins again; a stanza; a stave. \ (n.) The five lines and the spaces on which music is written; -- formerly called stave. \ (n.) An arbor, as of a wheel or a pinion of a watch. \ (n.) The grooved director for the gorget, or knife, used in cutting for stone in the bladder. \ (n.) An establishment of officers in various departments attached to an army, to a section of an army, or to the commander of an army. The general's staff consists of those officers about his person who are employed in carrying his commands into execution. See Etat Major. \ (n.) Hence: A body of assistants serving to carry into effect the plans of a superintendant or manager, the staff of a newspaper. \ (n.) Plaster combined with fibrous and other materials so as to be suitable for sculpture in relief or in the round, or for forming flat plates or boards of considerable size which can be nailed to framework to make the exterior of a larger structure, forming joints which may afterward be repaired and concealed with fresh plaster.
insert wherever (adv.) At or in whatever place; wheresoever.
insert possess v. to have; to own; to control or be controlled by \ (v. t.) To occupy in person; to hold or actually have in one's own keeping; to have and to hold. \ (v. t.) To have the legal title to; to have a just right to; to be master of; to have; as, to possess property, an estate, a book. \ (v. t.) To obtain occupation or possession of; to accomplish; to gain; to seize. \ (v. t.) To enter into and influence; to control the will of; to fill; to affect; -- said especially of evil spirits, passions, etc. \ (v. t.) To put in possession; to make the owner or holder of property, power, knowledge, etc.; to acquaint; to inform; -- followed by of or with before the thing possessed, and now commonly used reflexively.
insert possibility (n.) The quality or state of being possible; the power of happening, being, or existing. \ (n.) That which is possible; a contingency; a thing or event that may not happen; a contingent interest, as in real or personal estate.
insert error (n.) A wandering; a roving or irregular course. \ (n.) A wandering or deviation from the right course or standard; irregularity; mistake; inaccuracy; something made wrong or left wrong; as, an error in writing or in printing; a clerical error. \ (n.) A departing or deviation from the truth; falsity; false notion; wrong opinion; misapprehension. \ (n.) A moral offense; violation of duty; a sin or transgression; iniquity; fault. \ (n.) The difference between the approximate result and the true result; -- used particularly in the rule of double position. \ (n.) The difference between an observed value and the true value of a quantity. \ (n.) The difference between the observed value of a quantity and that which is taken or computed to be the true value; -- sometimes called residual error. \ (n.) A mistake in the proceedings of a court of record in matters of law or of fact. \ (n.) A fault of a player of the side in the field which results in failure to put out a player on the other side, or gives him an unearned base.
insert weekly (a.) Of or pertaining to a week, or week days; as, weekly labor. \ (a.) Coming, happening, or done once a week; hebdomadary, a weekly payment; a weekly gazette. \ (n.) A publication issued once in seven days, or appearing once a week. \ (adv.) Once a week; by hebdomadal periods, each performs service weekly.
insert tired ad. having less strength because of work or exercise; needing sleep or rest \ (imp. & p. p.) of Tire \ (a.) Weary; fatigued; exhausted.
insert fall v. to go down quickly; to come down; to drop to the ground or a lower position \ (v. t.) To Descend, either suddenly or gradually; particularly, to descend by the force of gravity; to drop; to sink; as, the apple falls; the tide falls; the mercury falls in the barometer. \ (v. t.) To cease to be erect; to take suddenly a recumbent posture; to become prostrate, a child totters and falls; a tree falls; a worshiper falls on his knees. \ (v. t.) To find a final outlet; to discharge its waters; to empty; -- with into, the river Rhone falls into the Mediterranean. \ (v. t.) To become prostrate and dead; to die; especially, to die by violence, as in battle. \ (v. t.) To cease to be active or strong; to die away; to lose strength; to subside; to become less intense, the wind falls. \ (v. t.) To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; -- said of the young of certain animals. \ (v. t.) To decline in power, glory, wealth, or importance; to become insignificant; to lose rank or position; to decline in weight, value, price etc.; to become less, the falls; stocks fell two points. \ (v. t.) To be overthrown or captured; to be destroyed. \ (v. t.) To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice, error, or sin; to depart from the faith; to apostatize; to sin. \ (v. t.) To become insnared or embarrassed; to be entrapped; to be worse off than before; asm to fall into error; to fall into difficulties. \ (v. t.) To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; -- said of the countenance. \ (v. t.) To sink; to languish; to become feeble or faint, our spirits rise and fall with our fortunes. \ (v. t.) To pass somewhat suddenly, and passively, into a new state of body or mind; to become, to fall asleep; to fall into a passion; to fall in love; to fall into temptation. \ (v. t.) To happen; to to come to pass; to light; to befall; to issue; to terminate. \ (v. t.) To come; to occur; to arrive. \ (v. t.) To begin with haste, ardor, or vehemence; to rush or hurry, they fell to blows. \ (v. t.) To pass or be transferred by chance, lot, distribution, inheritance, or otherwise, the estate fell to his brother; the kingdom fell into the hands of his rivals. \ (v. t.) To belong or appertain. \ (v. t.) To be dropped or uttered carelessly, an unguarded expression fell from his lips; not a murmur fell from him. \ (v. t.) To let fall; to drop. \ (v. t.) To sink; to depress, to fall the voice. \ (v. t.) To diminish; to lessen or lower. \ (v. t.) To bring forth, to fall lambs. \ (v. t.) To fell; to cut down, to fall a tree. \ (n.) The act of falling; a dropping or descending be the force of gravity; descent, a fall from a horse, or from the yard of ship. \ (n.) The act of dropping or tumbling from an erect posture, he was walking on ice, and had a fall. \ (n.) Death; destruction; overthrow; ruin. \ (n.) Downfall; degradation; loss of greatness or office; termination of greatness, power, or dominion; ruin, the fall of the Roman empire.
insert singing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Sing \ a. & n. from Sing, v.
insert brand (v. t.) A burning piece of wood; or a stick or piece of wood partly burnt, whether burning or after the fire is extinct. \ (v. t.) A sword, so called from its glittering or flashing brightness. \ (v. t.) A mark made by burning with a hot iron, as upon a cask, to designate the quality, manufacturer, etc., of the contents, or upon an animal, to designate ownership; -- also, a mark for a similar purpose made in any other way, as with a stencil. Hence, figurately: Quality; kind; grade; as, a good brand of flour. \ (v. t.) A mark put upon criminals with a hot iron. Hence: Any mark of infamy or vice; a stigma. \ (v. t.) An instrument to brand with; a branding iron. \ (v. t.) Any minute fungus which produces a burnt appearance in plants. The brands are of many species and several genera of the order Pucciniaei. \ (v. t.) To burn a distinctive mark into or upon with a hot iron, to indicate quality, ownership, or to mark as infamous (as a convict). \ (v. t.) To put an actual distinctive mark upon in any other way, as with a stencil, to show quality of contents, name of manufacture, etc. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To fix a mark of infamy, or a stigma, upon. \ (v. t.) To mark or impress indelibly, as with a hot iron.
insert profit n. money gained from a business activity after paying all costs of that activity \ (n.) Acquisition beyond expenditure; excess of value received for producing, keeping, or selling, over cost; hence, pecuniary gain in any transaction or occupation; emolument; as, a profit on the sale of goods. \ (n.) Accession of good; valuable results; useful consequences; benefit; avail; gain, an office of profit, \ (n.) To be of service to; to be good to; to help on; to benefit; to advantage; to avail; to aid, truth profits all men. \ (v. i.) To gain advantage; to make improvement; to improve; to gain; to advance. \ (v. i.) To be of use or advantage; to do or bring good.
insert educational (a.) Of or pertaining to education.
insert liberty (n.) The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery, serfdom, bondage, or subjection. \ (n.) Freedom from imprisonment, bonds, or other restraint upon locomotion. \ (n.) A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as, liberty given to a child to play, or to a witness to leave a court, and the like. \ (n.) Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant, the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe. \ (n.) The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed, or jurisdiction is exercised. \ (n.) A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also, the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised, the liberties of a prison. \ (n.) A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety, to permit, or take, a liberty. \ (n.) The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing. \ (n.) A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse. \ (n.) Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
insert strict (a.) Strained; drawn close; tight; as, a strict embrace; a strict ligature. \ (a.) Tense; not relaxed, a strict fiber. \ (a.) Exact; accurate; precise; rigorously nice, to keep strict watch; to pay strict attention. \ (a.) Governed or governing by exact rules; observing exact rules; severe; rigorous, very strict in observing the Sabbath. \ (a.) Rigidly; interpreted; exactly limited; confined; restricted, to understand words in a strict sense. \ (a.) Upright, or straight and narrow; -- said of the shape of the plants or their flower clusters.
insert tradition n. a ceremony, activity or belief that has existed for a long time \ (n.) The act of delivering into the hands of another; delivery. \ (n.) The unwritten or oral delivery of information, opinions, doctrines, practices, rites, and customs, from father to son, or from ancestors to posterity; the transmission of any knowledge, or practice, from forefathers to descendants by oral communication, without written memorials. \ (n.) Hence, that which is transmitted orally from father to son; knowledge or belief transmitted without the aid of written memorials; custom or practice long observed. \ (n.) An unwritten code of law represented to have been given by God to Moses on Sinai. \ (n.) That body of doctrine and discipline, or any article thereof, supposed to have been put forth by Christ or his apostles, and not committed to writing. \ (v. t.) To transmit by way of tradition; to hand down.
insert bore (imp.) of Bear \ (v. t.) To perforate or penetrate, as a solid body, by turning an auger, gimlet, drill, or other instrument; to make a round hole in or through; to pierce; as, to bore a plank. \ (v. t.) To form or enlarge by means of a boring instrument or apparatus, to bore a steam cylinder or a gun barrel; to bore a hole. \ (v. t.) To make (a passage) by laborious effort, as in boring, to bore one's way through a crowd; to force a narrow and difficult passage through. \ (v. t.) To weary by tedious iteration or by dullness; to tire; to trouble; to vex; to annoy; to pester. \ (v. t.) To befool; to trick. \ (v. i.) To make a hole or perforation with, or as with, a boring instrument; to cut a circular hole by the rotary motion of a tool, to bore for water or oil (i. e., to sink a well by boring for water or oil); to bore with a gimlet; to bore into a tree (as insects). \ (v. i.) To be pierced or penetrated by an instrument that cuts as it turns, this timber does not bore well, or is hard to bore. \ (v. i.) To push forward in a certain direction with laborious effort. \ (v. i.) To shoot out the nose or toss it in the air; -- said of a horse. \ (n.) A hole made by boring; a perforation. \ (n.) The internal cylindrical cavity of a gun, cannon, pistol, or other firearm, or of a pipe or tube. \ (n.) The size of a hole; the interior diameter of a tube or gun barrel; the caliber. \ (n.) A tool for making a hole by boring, as an auger. \ (n.) Caliber; importance. \ (n.) A person or thing that wearies by prolixity or dullness; a tiresome person or affair; any person or thing which causes ennui. \ (n.) A tidal flood which regularly or occasionally rushes into certain rivers of peculiar configuration or location, in one or more waves which present a very abrupt front of considerable height, dangerous to shipping, as at the mouth of the Amazon, in South America, the Hoogly and Indus, in India, and the Tsien-tang, in China. \ (n.) Less properly, a very high and rapid tidal flow, when not so abrupt, such as occurs at the Bay of Fundy and in the British Channel. \ imp. of 1st & 2d Bear.
insert deaf ad. not able to hear \ (a.) Wanting the sense of hearing, either wholly or in part; unable to perceive sounds; hard of hearing; as, a deaf man. \ (a.) Unwilling to hear or listen; determinedly inattentive; regardless; not to be persuaded as to facts, argument, or exhortation; -- with to, deaf to reason. \ (a.) Deprived of the power of hearing; deafened. \ (a.) Obscurely heard; stifled; deadened. \ (a.) Decayed; tasteless; dead, a deaf nut; deaf corn. \ (v. t.) To deafen.
insert item (adv.) Also; as an additional article. \ (n.) An article; a separate particular in an account; as, the items in a bill. \ (n.) A hint; an innuendo. \ (n.) A short article in a newspaper; a paragraph, an item concerning the weather. \ (v. t.) To make a note or memorandum of.
insert be v. to live; to happen; to exist \ (v. i.) To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex/stence. \ (v. i.) To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here; to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of existence; that is the man. \ (v. i.) To take place, the meeting was on Thursday. \ (v. i.) To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
insert title (n.) An inscription put over or upon anything as a name by which it is known. \ (n.) The inscription in the beginning of a book, usually containing the subject of the work, the author's and publisher's names, the date, etc. \ (n.) The panel for the name, between the bands of the back of a book. \ (n.) A section or division of a subject, as of a law, a book, specif. (Roman & Canon Laws), a chapter or division of a law book. \ (n.) An appellation of dignity, distinction, or preeminence (hereditary or acquired), given to persons, as duke marquis, honorable, esquire, etc. \ (n.) A name; an appellation; a designation. \ (n.) That which constitutes a just cause of exclusive possession; that which is the foundation of ownership of property, real or personal; a right; as, a good title to an estate, or an imperfect title. \ (n.) The instrument which is evidence of a right. \ (n.) That by which a beneficiary holds a benefice. \ (n.) A church to which a priest was ordained, and where he was to reside. \ (n.) To call by a title; to name; to entitle.
insert married (imp. & p. p.) of Marry
insert surround v. to form a circle around; to be in positions all around someone or something \ (v. t.) To inclose on all sides; to encompass; to environ. \ (v. t.) To lie or be on all sides of; to encircle; as, a wall surrounds the city. \ (v. t.) To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate, to surround the world. \ (v. t.) To inclose, as a body of troops, between hostile forces, so as to cut off means of communication or retreat; to invest, as a city. \ (n.) A method of hunting some animals, as the buffalo, by surrounding a herd, and driving them over a precipice, into a ravine, etc.
insert normal n. the usual condition, amount or form; ad. usual; what is expected \ (a.) According to an established norm, rule, or principle; conformed to a type, standard, or regular form; performing the proper functions; not abnormal; regular; natural; analogical. \ (a.) According to a square or rule; perpendicular; forming a right angle. Specifically: Of or pertaining to a normal. \ (a.) Standard; original; exact; typical. \ (a.) Denoting a solution of such strength that every cubic centimeter contains the same number of milligrams of the element in question as the number of its molecular weight. \ (a.) Denoting certain hypothetical compounds, as acids from which the real acids are obtained by dehydration; thus, normal sulphuric acid and normal nitric acid are respectively S(OH)6, and N(OH)5. \ (a.) Denoting that series of hydrocarbons in which no carbon atom is united with more than two other carbon atoms; as, normal pentane, hexane, etc. Cf. Iso-. \ (a.) Any perpendicular. \ (a.) A straight line or plane drawn from any point of a curve or surface so as to be perpendicular to the curve or surface at that point.
insert depth (n.) The quality of being deep; deepness; perpendicular measurement downward from the surface, or horizontal measurement backward from the front; as, the depth of a river; the depth of a body of troops. \ (n.) Profoundness; extent or degree of intensity; abundance; completeness, depth of knowledge, or color. \ (n.) Lowness, depth of sound. \ (n.) That which is deep; a deep, or the deepest, part or place; the deep; the middle part, the depth of night, or of winter. \ (n.) The number of simple elements which an abstract conception or notion includes; the comprehension or content. \ (n.) A pair of toothed wheels which work together. \ (n.) The perpendicular distance from the chord to the farthest point of an arched surface.
insert method n. the way something is done \ (n.) An orderly procedure or process; regular manner of doing anything; hence, manner; way; mode; as, a method of teaching languages; a method of improving the mind. \ (n.) Orderly arrangement, elucidation, development, or classification; clear and lucid exhibition; systematic arrangement peculiar to an individual. \ (n.) Classification; a mode or system of classifying natural objects according to certain common characteristics, the method of Theophrastus; the method of Ray; the Linnaean method.
insert lip (n.) One of the two fleshy folds which surround the orifice of the mouth in man and many other animals. In man the lips are organs of speech essential to certain articulations. Hence, by a figure they denote the mouth, or all the organs of speech, and sometimes speech itself. \ (n.) An edge of an opening; a thin projecting part of anything; a kind of short open spout; as, the lip of a vessel. \ (n.) The sharp cutting edge on the end of an auger. \ (n.) One of the two opposite divisions of a labiate corolla. \ (n.) The odd and peculiar petal in the Orchis family. See Orchidaceous. \ (n.) One of the edges of the aperture of a univalve shell. \ (v. t.) To touch with the lips; to put the lips to; hence, to kiss. \ (v. t.) To utter; to speak. \ (v. t.) To clip; to trim.
insert violin (n.) A small instrument with four strings, played with a bow; a fiddle.
insert response (n.) The act of responding. \ (n.) An answer or reply. \ (n.) Reply to an objection in formal disputation. \ (n.) The answer of the people or congregation to the priest or clergyman, in the litany and other parts of divine service. \ (n.) A kind of anthem sung after the lessons of matins and some other parts of the office. \ (n.) A repetition of the given subject in a fugue by another part on the fifth above or fourth below.
insert religious (a.) Of or pertaining to religion; concerned with religion; teaching, or setting forth, religion; set apart to religion; as, a religious society; a religious sect; a religious place; religious subjects, books, teachers, houses, wars. \ (a.) Possessing, or conforming to; pious; godly, a religious man, life, behavior, etc. \ (a.) Scrupulously faithful or exact; strict. \ (a.) Belonging to a religious order; bound by vows. \ (n.) A person bound by monastic vows, or sequestered from secular concern, and devoted to a life of piety and religion; a monk or friar; a nun.
insert men (pl. ) of Man \ (n.) pl. of Man. \ (pron.) A man; one; -- used with a verb in the singular, and corresponding to the present indefinite one or they. \ (pl. ) of Keelman
insert Mrs. The customary abbreviation of Mistress when used as a title of courtesy, in writing and printing.
insert unlucky (a.) Not lucky; not successful; unfortunate; ill-fated; unhappy; as, an unlucky man; an unlucky adventure; an unlucky throw of dice; an unlucky game. \ (a.) Bringing bad luck; ill-omened; inauspicious. \ (a.) Mischievous, an unlucky wag.
insert illness (n.) The condition of being ill, evil, or bad; badness; unfavorableness. \ (n.) Disease; indisposition; malady; disorder of health; sickness; as, a short or a severe illness. \ (n.) Wrong moral conduct; wickedness.
insert thought (imp. & p. p.) of Think \ imp. & p. p. of Think. \ (n.) The act of thinking; the exercise of the mind in any of its higher forms; reflection; cogitation. \ (n.) Meditation; serious consideration. \ (n.) That which is thought; an idea; a mental conception, whether an opinion, judgment, fancy, purpose, or intention. \ (n.) Solicitude; anxious care; concern. \ (n.) A small degree or quantity; a trifle; as, a thought longer; a thought better.
insert price n. the amount of money for which anything is bought, sold or offered for sale \ (n. & v.) The sum or amount of money at which a thing is valued, or the value which a seller sets on his goods in market; that for which something is bought or sold, or offered for sale; equivalent in money or other means of exchange; current value or rate paid or demanded in market or in barter; cost. \ (n. & v.) Value; estimation; excellence; worth. \ (n. & v.) Reward; recompense; as, the price of industry. \ (v. t.) To pay the price of. \ (v. t.) To set a price on; to value. See Prize. \ (v. t.) To ask the price of, to price eggs.
insert inside (adv.) Within the sides of; in the interior; contained within; as, inside a house, book, bottle, etc. \ (a.) Being within; included or inclosed in anything; contained; interior; internal, the inside passengers of a stagecoach; inside decoration. \ (a.) Adapted to the interior. \ (n.) The part within; interior or internal portion; content. \ (n.) The inward parts; entrails; bowels; hence, that which is within; private thoughts and feelings. \ (n.) An inside passenger of a coach or carriage, as distinguished from one upon the outside.
insert analysis (n.) A resolution of anything, whether an object of the senses or of the intellect, into its constituent or original elements; an examination of the component parts of a subject, each separately, as the words which compose a sentence, the tones of a tune, or the simple propositions which enter into an argument. It is opposed to synthesis. \ (n.) The separation of a compound substance, by chemical processes, into its constituents, with a view to ascertain either (a) what elements it contains, or (b) how much of each element is present. The former is called qualitative, and the latter quantitative analysis. \ (n.) The tracing of things to their source, and the resolving of knowledge into its original principles. \ (n.) The resolving of problems by reducing the conditions that are in them to equations. \ (n.) A syllabus, or table of the principal heads of a discourse, disposed in their natural order. \ (n.) A brief, methodical illustration of the principles of a science. In this sense it is nearly synonymous with synopsis. \ (n.) The process of ascertaining the name of a species, or its place in a system of classification, by means of an analytical table or key.
insert certain (a.) Assured in mind; having no doubts; free from suspicions concerning. \ (a.) Determined; resolved; -- used with an infinitive. \ (a.) Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact. \ (a.) Actually existing; sure to happen; inevitable. \ (a.) Unfailing; infallible. \ (a.) Fixed or stated; regular; determinate. \ (a.) Not specifically named; indeterminate; indefinite; one or some; -- sometimes used independenty as a noun, and meaning certain persons. \ (n.) Certainty. \ (n.) A certain number or quantity. \ (adv.) Certainly.
insert her (pron. & a.) The form of the objective and the possessive case of the personal pronoun she; as, I saw her with her purse out. \ (pron. pl.) Alt. of Here
insert saw imp. of See. \ (v. t.) Something said; speech; discourse. \ (v. t.) A saying; a proverb; a maxim. \ (v. t.) Dictate; command; decree. \ (n.) An instrument for cutting or dividing substances, as wood, iron, etc., consisting of a thin blade, or plate, of steel, with a series of sharp teeth on the edge, which remove successive portions of the material by cutting and tearing. \ (v. t.) To cut with a saw; to separate with a saw; as, to saw timber or marble. \ (v. t.) To form by cutting with a saw, to saw boards or planks, that is, to saw logs or timber into boards or planks; to saw shingles; to saw out a panel. \ (v. t.) Also used figuratively, to saw the air. \ (v. i.) To use a saw; to practice sawing, a man saws well. \ (v. i.) To cut, as a saw, the saw or mill saws fast. \ (v. i.) To be cut with a saw, the timber saws smoothly. \ (imp.) of See
insert recorder (n.) One who records; specifically, a person whose official duty it is to make a record of writings or transactions. \ (n.) The title of the chief judical officer of some cities and boroughs; also, of the chief justice of an East Indian settlement. The Recorder of London is judge of the Lord Mayor's Court, and one of the commissioners of the Central Criminal Court. \ (n.) A kind of wind instrument resembling the flageolet.
insert automatic (a.) Alt. of Automatical
insert mood (n.) Manner; style; mode; logical form; musical style; manner of action or being. See Mode which is the preferable form). \ (n.) Manner of conceiving and expressing action or being, as positive, possible, hypothetical, etc., without regard to other accidents, such as time, person, number; as, the indicative mood; the infinitive mood; the subjunctive mood. Same as Mode. \ (n.) Temper of mind; temporary state of the mind in regard to passion or feeling; humor, a melancholy mood; a suppliant mood.
insert lovely (superl.) Having such an appearance as excites, or is fitted to excite, love; beautiful; charming; very pleasing in form, looks, tone, or manner. \ (superl.) Lovable; amiable; having qualities of any kind which excite, or are fitted to excite, love or friendship. \ (superl.) Loving; tender. \ (superl.) Very pleasing; -- applied loosely to almost anything which is not grand or merely pretty; as, a lovely view; a lovely valley; a lovely melody. \ (adv.) In a manner to please, or to excite love.
insert whale (n.) Any aquatic mammal of the order Cetacea, especially any one of the large species, some of which become nearly one hundred feet long. Whales are hunted chiefly for their oil and baleen, or whalebone.
insert prefer (v. t.) To carry or bring (something) forward, or before one; hence, to bring for consideration, acceptance, judgment, etc.; to offer; to present; to proffer; to address; -- said especially of a request, prayer, petition, claim, charge \ (v. t.) To go before, or be before, in estimation; to outrank; to surpass. \ (v. t.) To cause to go before, to advance before others, as to an office or dignity; to raise; to exalt; to promote; as, to prefer an officer to the rank of general. \ (v. t.) To set above or before something else in estimation, favor, or liking; to regard or honor before another; to hold in greater favor; to choose rather; -- often followed by to, before, or above.
insert sincere (superl.) Pure; unmixed; unadulterated. \ (superl.) Whole; perfect; unhurt; uninjured. \ (superl.) Being in reality what it appears to be; having a character which corresponds with the appearance; not falsely assumed; genuine; true; real; as, a sincere desire for knowledge; a sincere contempt for meanness. \ (superl.) Honest; free from hypocrisy or dissimulation, a sincere friend; a sincere person.
insert whatever (pron.) Anything soever which; the thing or things of any kind; being this or that; of one nature or another; one thing or another; anything that may be; all that; the whole that; all particulars that; -- used both substantively and adjectively.
insert heel (v. i.) To lean or tip to one side, as a ship; as, the ship heels aport; the boat heeled over when the squall struck it. \ (n.) The hinder part of the foot; sometimes, the whole foot; -- in man or quadrupeds. \ (n.) The hinder part of any covering for the foot, as of a shoe, sock, etc.; specif., a solid part projecting downward from the hinder part of the sole of a boot or shoe. \ (n.) The latter or remaining part of anything; the closing or concluding part. \ (n.) Anything regarded as like a human heel in shape; a protuberance; a knob. \ (n.) The part of a thing corresponding in position to the human heel; the lower part, or part on which a thing rests \ (n.) The after end of a ship's keel. \ (n.) The lower end of a mast, a boom, the bowsprit, the sternpost, etc. \ (n.) In a small arm, the corner of the but which is upwards in the firing position. \ (n.) The uppermost part of the blade of a sword, next to the hilt. \ (n.) The part of any tool next the tang or handle, the heel of a scythe. \ (n.) Management by the heel, especially the spurred heel, the horse understands the heel well. \ (n.) The lower end of a timber in a frame, as a post or rafter. In the United States, the obtuse angle of the lower end of a rafter set sloping. \ (n.) A cyma reversa; -- so called by workmen. \ (v. t.) To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, and the like. \ (v. t.) To add a heel to, to heel a shoe. \ (v. t.) To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting. \ (n.) The part of the face of the club head nearest the shaft. \ (n.) In a carding machine, the part of a flat nearest the cylinder. \ (v. t.) To hit (the ball) with the heel of the club. \ (v. t.) To make (a fair catch) standing with one foot advanced, the heel on the ground and the toe up.
insert interrupt (v. t.) To break into, or between; to stop, or hinder by breaking in upon the course or progress of; to interfere with the current or motion of; to cause a temporary cessation of; as, to interrupt the remarks speaking. \ (v. t.) To divide; to separate; to break the monotony of, the evenness of the road was not interrupted by a single hill. \ (p. a.) Broken; interrupted.
insert picture n. something that shows what another thing looks like; an idea or representation of something as seen by the eye; a painting; what is made with a camera \ (n.) The art of painting; representation by painting. \ (n.) A representation of anything (as a person, a landscape, a building) upon canvas, paper, or other surface, produced by means of painting, drawing, engraving, photography, etc.; a representation in colors. By extension, a figure; a model. \ (n.) An image or resemblance; a representation, either to the eye or to the mind; that which, by its likeness, brings vividly to mind some other thing; as, a child is the picture of his father; the man is the picture of grief. \ (v. t.) To draw or paint a resemblance of; to delineate; to represent; to form or present an ideal likeness of; to bring before the mind.
insert specialist (n.) One who devotes himself to some specialty; as, a medical specialist, one who devotes himself to diseases of particular parts of the body, as the eye, the ear, the nerves, etc.
insert race v. to run; to take part in a competition to decide who or what can move fastest; to take part in a campaign for political office; n. one of the major groups that humans can be divided into because of a common physical similarity, such as skin color \ (v. t.) To raze. \ (n.) A root. \ (n.) The descendants of a common ancestor; a family, tribe, people, or nation, believed or presumed to belong to the same stock; a lineage; a breed. \ (n.) Company; herd; breed. \ (n.) A variety of such fixed character that it may be propagated by seed. \ (n.) Peculiar flavor, taste, or strength, as of wine; that quality, or assemblage of qualities, which indicates origin or kind, as in wine; hence, characteristic flavor; smack. \ (n.) Hence, characteristic quality or disposition. \ (n.) A progress; a course; a movement or progression. \ (n.) Esp., swift progress; rapid course; a running. \ (n.) Hence: The act or process of running in competition; a contest of speed in any way, as in running, riding, driving, skating, rowing, sailing; in the plural, usually, a meeting for contests in the running of horses; as, he attended the races. \ (n.) Competitive action of any kind, especially when prolonged, career; course of life. \ (n.) A strong or rapid current of water, or the channel or passage for such a current; a powerful current or heavy sea, sometimes produced by the meeting of two tides, the Portland Race; the Race of Alderney. \ (n.) The current of water that turns a water wheel, or the channel in which it flows; a mill race. \ (n.) A channel or guide along which a shuttle is driven back and forth, as in a loom, sewing machine, etc. \ (v. i.) To run swiftly; to contend in a race, the animals raced over the ground; the ships raced from port to port. \ (v. i.) To run too fast at times, as a marine engine or screw, when the screw is lifted out of water by the action of a heavy sea. \ (v. t.) To cause to contend in a race; to drive at high speed, to race horses. \ (v. t.) To run a race with. \ A game, match, etc., open only to losers in early stages of contests.
insert weight (v. t.) The quality of being heavy; that property of bodies by which they tend toward the center of the earth; the effect of gravitative force, especially when expressed in certain units or standards, as pounds, grams, etc. \ (v. t.) The quantity of heaviness; comparative tendency to the center of the earth; the quantity of matter as estimated by the balance, or expressed numerically with reference to some standard unit; as, a mass of stone having the weight of five hundred pounds. \ (v. t.) Hence, pressure; burden, the weight of care or business. \ (v. t.) Importance; power; influence; efficacy; consequence; moment; impressiveness, a consideration of vast weight. \ (v. t.) A scale, or graduated standard, of heaviness; a mode of estimating weight, avoirdupois weight; troy weight; apothecaries' weight. \ (v. t.) A ponderous mass; something heavy, a clock weight; a paper weight. \ (v. t.) A definite mass of iron, lead, brass, or other metal, to be used for ascertaining the weight of other bodies, an ounce weight. \ (v. t.) The resistance against which a machine acts, as opposed to the power which moves it. \ (v. t.) To load with a weight or weights; to load down; to make heavy; to attach weights to, to weight a horse or a jockey at a race; to weight a whip handle. \ (v. t.) To assign a weight to; to express by a number the probable accuracy of, as an observation. See Weight of observations, under Weight. \ (v. t.) To load (fabrics) as with barite, to increase the weight, etc.
insert excite (v. t.) To call to activity in any way; to rouse to feeling; to kindle to passionate emotion; to stir up to combined or general activity; as, to excite a person, the spirits, the passions; to excite a mutiny or insurrection; to excite heat by friction. \ (v. t.) To call forth or increase the vital activity of an organism, or any of its parts. \ (v. t.) To energize (an electro-magnet); to produce a magnetic field in, to excite a dynamo.
insert probably ad. a good chance of taking place; a little more than possible \ (adv.) In a probable manner; in likelihood.
insert district (a.) Rigorous; stringent; harsh. \ (n.) The territory within which the lord has the power of coercing and punishing. \ (n.) A division of territory; a defined portion of a state, town, or city, etc., made for administrative, electoral, or other purposes; as, a congressional district, judicial district, land district, school district, etc. \ (n.) Any portion of territory of undefined extent; a region; a country; a tract. \ (v. t.) To divide into districts or limited portions of territory, legislatures district States for the choice of representatives.
insert son n. a person's male child \ (n.) A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother. \ (n.) A male descendant, however distant; hence, in the plural, descendants in general. \ (n.) Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil, ward, or any other male dependent. \ (n.) A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as, sons of Albion; sons of New England. \ (n.) The produce of anything. \ (n.) Jesus Christ, the Savior; -- called the Son of God, and the Son of man.
insert immediately (adv.) In an immediate manner; without intervention of any other person or thing; proximately; directly; -- opposed to mediately; as, immediately contiguous. \ (adv.) Without interval of time; without delay; promptly; instantly; at once. \ (adv.) As soon as. Cf. Directly, 8, Note.
insert blackboard (n.) A broad board painted black, or any black surface on which writing, drawing, or the working of mathematical problems can be done with chalk or crayons. It is much used in schools.
insert pass v. to go by or move around something; to move along; to cause or permit to go
insert answer n. a statement produced by a question; v. to make a statement after being asked a question \ (n.) To speak in defense against; to reply to in defense; as, to answer a charge; to answer an accusation. \ (n.) To speak or write in return to, as in return to a call or question, or to a speech, declaration, argument, or the like; to reply to (a question, remark, etc.); to respond to. \ (n.) To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation, or justification, and the like; to refute. \ (n.) To be or act in return or response to. \ (n.) To be or act in compliance with, in fulfillment or satisfaction of, as an order, obligation, demand, he answered my claim upon him; the servant answered the bell. \ (n.) To render account to or for. \ (n.) To atone; to be punished for. \ (n.) To be opposite to; to face. \ (n.) To be or act an equivalent to, or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay. \ (n.) To be or act in accommodation, conformity, relation, or proportion to; to correspond to; to suit. \ (v. i.) To speak or write by way of return (originally, to a charge), or in reply; to make response. \ (v. i.) To make a satisfactory response or return. \ (v. i.) To render account, or to be responsible; to be accountable; to make amends, the man must answer to his employer for the money intrusted to his care. \ (v. i.) To be or act in return. \ (v. i.) To be or act by way of compliance, fulfillment, reciprocation, or satisfaction; to serve the purpose, gypsum answers as a manure on some soils. \ (v. i.) To be opposite, or to act in opposition. \ (v. i.) To be or act as an equivalent, or as adequate or sufficient, a very few will answer. \ (v. i.) To be or act in conformity, or by way of accommodation, correspondence, or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; -- usually with to. \ (n.) A reply to a change; a defense. \ (n.) Something said or written in reply to a question, a call, an argument, an address; a reply. \ (n.) Something done in return for, or in consequence of, something else; a responsive action. \ (n.) A solution, the result of a mathematical operation, the answer to a problem. \ (n.) A counter-statement of facts in a course of pleadings; a confutation of what the other party has alleged; a responsive declaration by a witness in reply to a question. In Equity, it is the usual form of defense to the complainant's charges in his bill.
insert sail v. to travel by boat or ship \ (n.) An extent of canvas or other fabric by means of which the wind is made serviceable as a power for propelling vessels through the water. \ (n.) Anything resembling a sail, or regarded as a sail. \ (n.) A wing; a van. \ (n.) The extended surface of the arm of a windmill. \ (n.) A sailing vessel; a vessel of any kind; a craft. \ (n.) A passage by a sailing vessel; a journey or excursion upon the water. \ (n.) To be impelled or driven forward by the action of wind upon sails, as a ship on water; to be impelled on a body of water by the action of steam or other power. \ (n.) To move through or on the water; to swim, as a fish or a water fowl. \ (n.) To be conveyed in a vessel on water; to pass by water; as, they sailed from London to Canton. \ (n.) To set sail; to begin a voyage. \ (n.) To move smoothly through the air; to glide through the air without apparent exertion, as a bird. \ (v. t.) To pass or move upon, as in a ship, by means of sails; hence, to move or journey upon (the water) by means of steam or other force. \ (v. t.) To fly through; to glide or move smoothly through. \ (v. t.) To direct or manage the motion of, as a vessel, to sail one's own ship.
insert roughly (adv.) In a rough manner; unevenly; harshly; rudely; severely; austerely.
insert experiment v. to test; n. a test or trial carried out to prove if an idea is true or false, or to discover something \ (n.) Atrial or special observation, made to confirm or disprove something doubtful; esp., one under conditions determined by the experimenter; an act or operation undertaken in order to discover some unknown principle or effect, or to test, establish, or illustrate some suggest or known truth; practical test; poof. \ (n.) Experience. \ (v. t.) To make experiment; to operate by test or trial; -- often with on, upon, or in, referring to the subject of an experiment; with, referring to the instrument; and by, referring to the means; as, to experiment upon electricity; he experimented in plowing with ponies, or by steam power. \ (v. t.) To try; to know, perceive, or prove, by trial experience.
insert traditional (a.) Of or pertaining to tradition; derived from tradition; communicated from ancestors to descendants by word only; transmitted from age to age without writing; as, traditional opinions; traditional customs; traditional expositions of the Scriptures. \ (a.) Observant of tradition; attached to old customs; old-fashioned.
insert somewhat (n.) More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part, more or less; something. \ (n.) A person or thing of importance; a somebody. \ (adv.) In some degree or measure; a little.
insert pressure n. the force produced when something is pushed down or against something else \ (n.) The act of pressing, or the condition of being pressed; compression; a squeezing; a crushing; as, a pressure of the hand. \ (n.) A contrasting force or impulse of any kind, the pressure of poverty; the pressure of taxes; the pressure of motives on the mind; the pressure of civilization. \ (n.) Affliction; distress; grievance. \ (n.) Urgency, the pressure of business. \ (n.) Impression; stamp; character impressed. \ (n.) The action of a force against some obstacle or opposing force; a force in the nature of a thrust, distributed over a surface, often estimated with reference to the upon a unit's area. \ (n.) Electro-motive force.
insert contain v. to hold; to include \ (v. t.) To hold within fixed limits; to comprise; to include; to inclose; to hold. \ (v. t.) To have capacity for; to be able to hold; to hold; to be equivalent to; as, a bushel contains four pecks. \ (v. t.) To put constraint upon; to restrain; to confine; to keep within bounds. \ (v. i.) To restrain desire; to live in continence or chastity.
insert further (adv.) To a greater distance; in addition; moreover. See Farther. \ (superl.) More remote; at a greater distance; more in advance; farther; as, the further end of the field. See Farther. \ (superl.) Beyond; additional, a further reason for this opinion; nothing further to suggest. \ (adv.) To help forward; to promote; to advance; to forward; to help or assist.
insert introduction (n.) The act of introducing, or bringing to notice. \ (n.) The act of formally making persons known to each other; a presentation or making known of one person to another by name; as, the introduction of one stranger to another. \ (n.) That part of a book or discourse which introduces or leads the way to the main subject, or part; preliminary; matter; preface; proem; exordium. \ (n.) A formal and elaborate preliminary treatise; specifically, a treatise introductory to other treatises, or to a course of study; a guide, an introduction to English literature.
insert maintain (v. t.) To hold or keep in any particular state or condition; to support; to sustain; to uphold; to keep up; not to suffer to fail or decline; as, to maintain a certain degree of heat in a furnace; to maintain a fence or a railroad; to maintain the digestive process or powers of the stomach; to maintain the fertility of soil; to maintain present reputation. \ (v. t.) To keep possession of; to hold and defend; not to surrender or relinquish. \ (v. t.) To continue; not to suffer to cease or fail. \ (v. t.) To bear the expense of; to supply with what is needed. \ (v. t.) To affirm; to support or defend by argument.
insert everything (n.) Whatever pertains to the subject under consideration; all things.
insert spaghetti (n.) A variety or macaroni made in tubes of small diameter.
insert educate (v. t.) To bring /// or guide the powers of, as a child; to develop and cultivate, whether physically, mentally, or morally, but more commonly limited to the mental activities or senses; to expand, strengthen, and discipline, as the mind, a faculty, etc.; to form and regulate the principles and character of; to prepare and fit for any calling or business by systematic instruction; to cultivate; to train; to instruct; as, to educate a child; to educate the eye or the taste.
insert candle (n.) A slender, cylindrical body of tallow, containing a wick composed of loosely twisted linen of cotton threads, and used to furnish light. \ (n.) That which gives light; a luminary.
insert musician (n.) One skilled in the art or science of music; esp., a skilled singer, or performer on a musical instrument.
insert newspaper (n.) A sheet of paper printed and distributed, at stated intervals, for conveying intelligence of passing events, advocating opinions, etc.; a public print that circulates news, advertisements, proceedings of legislative bodies, public announcements
insert satisfy v. to give or provide what is desired, needed or demanded \ (a.) In general, to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a thing); hence, to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to supply to the full, or so far as to give contentment with what is wished for. \ (a.) To pay to the extent of claims or deserts; to give what is due to; as, to satisfy a creditor. \ (a.) To answer or discharge, as a claim, debt, legal demand, or the like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requite, to satisfy a claim or an execution. \ (a.) To free from doubt, suspense, or uncertainty; to give assurance to; to set at rest the mind of; to convince, to satisfy one's self by inquiry. \ (v. i.) To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to be desired. \ (v. i.) To make payment or atonement; to atone.
insert liter (n.) Alt. of Litre
insert whoever (pron.) Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one who; as, he shall be punished, whoever he may be.
insert cheer v. to shout approval or praise \ (n.) The face; the countenance or its expression. \ (n.) Feeling; spirit; state of mind or heart. \ (n.) Gayety; mirth; cheerfulness; animation. \ (n.) That which promotes good spirits or cheerfulness; provisions prepared for a feast; entertainment; as, a table loaded with good cheer. \ (n.) A shout, hurrah, or acclamation, expressing joy enthusiasm, applause, favor, etc. \ (v. t.) To cause to rejoice; to gladden; to make cheerful; -- often with up. \ (v. t.) To infuse life, courage, animation, or hope, into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort. \ (v. t.) To salute or applaud with cheers; to urge on by cheers, to cheer hounds in a chase. \ (v. i.) To grow cheerful; to become gladsome or joyous; -- usually with up. \ (v. i.) To be in any state or temper of mind. \ (v. i.) To utter a shout or shouts of applause, triumph, etc.
insert height (n.) The condition of being high; elevated position. \ (n.) The distance to which anything rises above its foot, above that on which in stands, above the earth, or above the level of the sea; altitude; the measure upward from a surface, as the floor or the ground, of animal, especially of a man; stature. \ (n.) Degree of latitude either north or south. \ (n.) That which is elevated; an eminence; a hill or mountain; as, Alpine heights. \ (n.) Elevation in excellence of any kind, as in power, learning, arts; also, an advanced degree of social rank; preeminence or distinction in society; prominence. \ (n.) Progress toward eminence; grade; degree. \ (n.) Utmost degree in extent; extreme limit of energy or condition, the height of a fever, of passion, of madness, of folly; the height of a tempest.
insert turn v. to change direction; to move into a different position; to change color, form or shape
insert born v. to come to life; to come into existence \ (p. p.) of Bear \ (v. t.) Brought forth, as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth. \ (v. t.) Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as, a born liar.
insert user (n.) One who uses. \ (n.) Enjoyment of property; use.
insert spare (a.) To use frugally or stintingly, as that which is scarce or valuable; to retain or keep unused; to save. \ (a.) To keep to one's self; to forbear to impart or give. \ (a.) To preserve from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish, injure, or harm; to show mercy to. \ (a.) To save or gain, as by frugality; to reserve, as from some occupation, use, or duty. \ (a.) To deprive one's self of, as by being frugal; to do without; to dispense with; to give up; to part with. \ (v. i.) To be frugal; not to be profuse; to live frugally; to be parsimonious. \ (v. i.) To refrain from inflicting harm; to use mercy or forbearance. \ (v. i.) To desist; to stop; to refrain. \ (v. t.) Scanty; not abundant or plentiful; as, a spare diet. \ (v. t.) Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; chary. \ (v. t.) Being over and above what is necessary, or what must be used or reserved; not wanted, or not used; superfluous, I have no spare time. \ (v. t.) Held in reserve, to be used in an emergency, a spare anchor; a spare bed or room. \ (v. t.) Lean; wanting flesh; meager; thin; gaunt. \ (v. t.) Slow. \ (n.) The act of sparing; moderation; restraint. \ (n.) Parsimony; frugal use. \ (n.) An opening in a petticoat or gown; a placket. \ (n.) That which has not been used or expended. \ (n.) The right of bowling again at a full set of pins, after having knocked all the pins down in less than three bowls. If all the pins are knocked down in one bowl it is a double spare; in two bowls, a single spare.
insert entertainment (n.) The act of receiving as host, or of amusing, admitting, or cherishing; hospitable reception; also, reception or treatment, in general. \ (n.) That which entertains, or with which one is entertained; as: (a) Hospitality; hospitable provision for the wants of a guest; especially, provision for the table; a hospitable repast; a feast; a formal or elegant meal. (b) That which engages the attention agreeably, amuses or diverts, whether in private, as by conversation, etc., or in public, by performances of some kind; amusement. \ (n.) Admission into service; service. \ (n.) Payment of soldiers or servants; wages.
insert forgive v. to pardon; to excuse; to remove guilt \ (v. t.) To give wholly; to make over without reservation; to resign. \ (v. t.) To give up resentment or claim to requital on account of (an offense or wrong); to remit the penalty of; to pardon; -- said in reference to the act forgiven. \ (v. t.) To cease to feel resentment against, on account of wrong committed; to give up claim to requital from or retribution upon (an offender); to absolve; -- said of the person offending.
insert past n. the time gone by; the time before; ad. recent; immediately before; former \ (v.) Of or pertaining to a former time or state; neither present nor future; gone by; elapsed; ended; spent; as, past troubles; past offences. \ (n.) A former time or state; a state of things gone by. \ (prep.) Beyond, in position, or degree; further than; beyond the reach or influence of. \ (prep.) Beyond, in time; after, past the hour. \ (prep.) Above; exceeding; more than. \ (adv.) By; beyond, he ran past.
insert violinist (n.) A player on the violin.
insert popular ad. liked by many people; generally approved by the public \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the common people, or to the whole body of the people, as distinguished from a select portion; as, the popular voice; popular elections. \ (a.) Suitable to common people; easy to be comprehended; not abstruse; familiar; plain. \ (a.) Adapted to the means of the common people; possessed or obtainable by the many; hence, cheap; common; ordinary; inferior, popular prices; popular amusements. \ (a.) Beloved or approved by the people; pleasing to people in general, or to many people, a popular preacher; a popular law; a popular administration. \ (a.) Devoted to the common people; studious of the favor of the populace. \ (a.) Prevailing among the people; epidemic, a popular disease.
insert tower (n.) A mass of building standing alone and insulated, usually higher than its diameter, but when of great size not always of that proportion. \ (n.) A projection from a line of wall, as a fortification, for purposes of defense, as a flanker, either or the same height as the curtain wall or higher. \ (n.) A structure appended to a larger edifice for a special purpose, as for a belfry, and then usually high in proportion to its width and to the height of the rest of the edifice; as, a church tower. \ (n.) A citadel; a fortress; hence, a defense. \ (n.) A headdress of a high or towerlike form, fashionable about the end of the seventeenth century and until 1715; also, any high headdress. \ (n.) High flight; elevation. \ (v. i.) To rise and overtop other objects; to be lofty or very high, to soar. \ (v. t.) To soar into.
insert diamond (n.) A precious stone or gem excelling in brilliancy and beautiful play of prismatic colors, and remarkable for extreme hardness. \ (n.) A geometrical figure, consisting of four equal straight lines, and having two of the interior angles acute and two obtuse; a rhombus; a lozenge. \ (n.) One of a suit of playing cards, stamped with the figure of a diamond. \ (n.) A pointed projection, like a four-sided pyramid, used for ornament in lines or groups. \ (n.) The infield; the square space, 90 feet on a side, having the bases at its angles. \ (n.) The smallest kind of type in English printing, except that called brilliant, which is seldom seen. \ (a.) Resembling a diamond; made of, or abounding in, diamonds; as, a diamond chain; a diamond field.
insert photographer (n.) One who practices, or is skilled in, photography.
insert fox (n.) A carnivorous animal of the genus Vulpes, family Canidae, of many species. The European fox (V. vulgaris or V. vulpes), the American red fox (V. fulvus), the American gray fox (V. Virginianus), and the arctic, white, or blue, fox (V. lagopus) are well-known species. \ (n.) The European dragonet. \ (n.) The fox shark or thrasher shark; -- called also sea fox. See Thrasher shark, under Shark. \ (n.) A sly, cunning fellow. \ (n.) Rope yarn twisted together, and rubbed with tar; -- used for seizings or mats. \ (n.) A sword; -- so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade, or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox. \ (n.) A tribe of Indians which, with the Sacs, formerly occupied the region about Green Bay, Wisconsin; -- called also Outagamies. \ (n.) To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink. \ (n.) To make sour, as beer, by causing it to ferment. \ (n.) To repair the feet of, as of boots, with new front upper leather, or to piece the upper fronts of. \ (v. i.) To turn sour; -- said of beer, etc., when it sours in fermenting.
insert whichever (pron. & a.) Alt. of Whichsoever
insert thirteen (a.) One more than twelve; ten and three; as, thirteen ounces or pounds. \ (n.) The number greater by one than twelve; the sum of ten and three; thirteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing thirteen units, as 13 or xiii.
insert teach v. to show how to do something; to provide knowledge; to cause to understand \ (v. t.) To impart the knowledge of; to give intelligence concerning; to impart, as knowledge before unknown, or rules for practice; to inculcate as true or important; to exhibit impressively; as, to teach arithmetic, dancing, music, or the like; to teach morals. \ (v. t.) To direct, as an instructor; to manage, as a preceptor; to guide the studies of; to instruct; to inform; to conduct through a course of studies, to teach a child or a class. \ (v. t.) To accustom; to guide; to show; to admonish. \ (v. i.) To give instruction; to follow the business, or to perform the duties, of a preceptor.
insert phone (n. & v. t.) Colloq. for Telephone.
insert ten (a.) One more than nine; twice five. \ (n.) The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing ten units, as 10, x, or X.
insert opera (n.) A drama, either tragic or comic, of which music forms an essential part; a drama wholly or mostly sung, consisting of recitative, arials, choruses, duets, trios, etc., with orchestral accompaniment, preludes, and interludes, together with appropriate costumes, scenery, and action; a lyric drama. \ (n.) The score of a musical drama, either written or in print; a play set to music. \ (n.) The house where operas are exhibited. \ (pl. ) of Opus
insert pick (v.) To throw; to pitch. \ (v.) To peck at, as a bird with its beak; to strike at with anything pointed; to act upon with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to prick, as with a pin. \ (v.) To separate or open by means of a sharp point or points; as, to pick matted wool, cotton, oakum, etc. \ (v.) To open (a lock) as by a wire. \ (v.) To pull apart or away, especially with the fingers; to pluck; to gather, as fruit from a tree, flowers from the stalk, feathers from a fowl, etc. \ (v.) To remove something from with a pointed instrument, with the fingers, or with the teeth, to pick the teeth; to pick a bone; to pick a goose; to pick a pocket. \ (v.) To choose; to select; to separate as choice or desirable; to cull, to pick one's company; to pick one's way; -- often with out. \ (v.) To take up; esp., to gather from here and there; to collect; to bring together, to pick rags; -- often with up, to pick up a ball or stones; to pick up information. \ (v.) To trim. \ (v. i.) To eat slowly, sparingly, or by morsels; to nibble. \ (v. i.) To do anything nicely or carefully, or by attending to small things; to select something with care. \ (v. i.) To steal; to pilfer. \ (n.) A sharp-pointed tool for picking; -- often used in composition, a toothpick; a picklock. \ (n.) A heavy iron tool, curved and sometimes pointed at both ends, wielded by means of a wooden handle inserted in the middle, -- used by quarrymen, roadmakers, etc.; also, a pointed hammer used for dressing millstones. \ (n.) A pike or spike; the sharp point fixed in the center of a buckler. \ (n.) Choice; right of selection, to have one's pick. \ (n.) That which would be picked or chosen first; the best, the pick of the flock. \ (n.) A particle of ink or paper imbedded in the hollow of a letter, filling up its face, and occasioning a spot on a printed sheet. \ (n.) That which is picked in, as with a pointed pencil, to correct an unevenness in a picture. \ (n.) The blow which drives the shuttle, -- the rate of speed of a loom being reckoned as so many picks per minute; hence, in describing the fineness of a fabric, a weft thread, so many picks to an inch.
insert I pro. the person speaking \ I, the ninth letter of the English alphabet, takes its form from the Phoenician, through the Latin and the Greek. The Phoenician letter was probably of Egyptian origin. Its original value was nearly the same as that of the Italian I, or long e as in mete. Etymologically I is most closely related to e, y, j, g; as in dint, dent, beverage, L. bibere; E. kin, AS. cynn; E. thin, AS. /ynne; E. dominion, donjon, dungeon. \ In our old authors, I was often used for ay (or aye), yes, which is pronounced nearly like it. \ As a numeral, I stands for 1, II for 2, etc. \ (object.) The nominative case of the pronoun of the first person; the word with which a speaker or writer denotes himself.
insert deep ad. going far down; a long way from top to bottom \ (superl.) Extending far below the surface; of great perpendicular dimension (measured from the surface downward, and distinguished from high, which is measured upward); far to the bottom; having a certain depth; as, a deep sea. \ (superl.) Extending far back from the front or outer part; of great horizontal dimension (measured backward from the front or nearer part, mouth, etc.), a deep cave or recess or wound; a gallery ten seats deep; a company of soldiers six files deep. \ (superl.) Low in situation; lying far below the general surface, a deep valley. \ (superl.) Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; -- opposed to shallow or superficial; intricate; mysterious; not obvious; obscure, a deep subject or plot. \ (superl.) Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning. \ (superl.) Profound; thorough; complete; unmixed; intense; heavy; heartfelt, deep distress; deep melancholy; deep horror. \ (superl.) Strongly colored; dark; not light or thin, deep blue or crimson. \ (superl.) Of low tone; full-toned; not high or sharp; grave; heavy. \ (superl.) Muddy; boggy; sandy; -- said of roads. \ (adv.) To a great depth; with depth; far down; profoundly; deeply. \ (n.) That which is deep, especially deep water, as the sea or ocean; an abyss; a great depth. \ (n.) That which is profound, not easily fathomed, or incomprehensible; a moral or spiritual depth or abyss.
insert along ad. near or on ("along the road") \ (adv.) By the length; in a line with the length; lengthwise. \ (adv.) In a line, or with a progressive motion; onward; forward. \ (adv.) In company; together. \ (prep.) By the length of, as distinguished from across. \ (Now heard only in the prep. phrase along of.)
insert employer (n.) One who employs another; as, an employer of workmen.
insert picnic (v.) Formerly, an entertainment at which each person contributed some dish to a common table; now, an excursion or pleasure party in which the members partake of a collation or repast (usually in the open air, and from food carried by themselves). \ (v. i.) To go on a picnic, or pleasure excursion; to eat in public fashion.
insert beside (n.) At the side of; on one side of. \ (n.) Aside from; out of the regular course or order of; in a state of deviation from; out of. \ (n.) Over and above; distinct from; in addition to. \ (adv.) On one side. \ (adv.) More than that; over and above; not included in the number, or in what has been mentioned; moreover; in addition.
insert rat (n.) One of several species of small rodents of the genus Mus and allied genera, larger than mice, that infest houses, stores, and ships, especially the Norway, or brown, rat (M. decumanus), the black rat (M. rattus), and the roof rat (M. Alexandrinus). These were introduced into America from the Old World. \ (n.) A round and tapering mass of hair, or similar material, used by women to support the puffs and rolls of their natural hair. \ (n.) One who deserts his party or associates; hence, in the trades, one who works for lower wages than those prescribed by a trades union. \ (v. i.) In English politics, to desert one's party from interested motives; to forsake one's associates for one's own advantage, to work for less wages, or on other conditions, than those established by a trades union. \ (v. i.) To catch or kill rats.
insert join v. to put together or come together; to become part of or a member of \ (v. t.) To bring together, literally or figuratively; to place in contact; to connect; to couple; to unite; to combine; to associate; to add; to append. \ (v. t.) To associate one's self to; to be or become connected with; to league one's self with; to unite with; as, to join a party; to join the church. \ (v. t.) To unite in marriage. \ (v. t.) To enjoin upon; to command. \ (v. t.) To accept, or engage in, as a contest, to join encounter, battle, issue. \ (v. i.) To be contiguous, close, or in contact; to come together; to mingle; to form a union, the hones of the skull join; two rivers join. \ (n.) The line joining two points; the point common to two intersecting lines.
insert blind ad. not able to see \ (a.) Destitute of the sense of seeing, either by natural defect or by deprivation; without sight. \ (a.) Not having the faculty of discernment; destitute of intellectual light; unable or unwilling to understand or judge; as, authors are blind to their own defects. \ (a.) Undiscerning; undiscriminating; inconsiderate. \ (a.) Having such a state or condition as a thing would have to a person who is blind; not well marked or easily discernible; hidden; unseen; concealed, a blind path; a blind ditch. \ (a.) Involved; intricate; not easily followed or traced. \ (a.) Having no openings for light or passage, a blind wall; open only at one end, a blind alley; a blind gut. \ (a.) Unintelligible, or not easily intelligible, a blind passage in a book; illegible, blind writing. \ (a.) Abortive; failing to produce flowers or fruit, blind buds; blind flowers. \ (v. t.) To make blind; to deprive of sight or discernment. \ (v. t.) To deprive partially of vision; to make vision difficult for and painful to; to dazzle. \ (v. t.) To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal; to deceive. \ (v. t.) To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel; as a road newly paved, in order that the joints between the stones may be filled. \ (n.) Something to hinder sight or keep out light; a screen; a cover; esp. a hinged screen or shutter for a window; a blinder for a horse. \ (n.) Something to mislead the eye or the understanding, or to conceal some covert deed or design; a subterfuge. \ (n.) A blindage. See Blindage. \ (n.) A halting place. \ (n.) Alt. of Blinde
insert distribution (n.) The act of distributing or dispensing; the act of dividing or apportioning among several or many; apportionment; as, the distribution of an estate among heirs or children. \ (n.) Separation into parts or classes; arrangement of anything into parts; disposition; classification. \ (n.) That which is distributed. \ (n.) A resolving a whole into its parts. \ (n.) The sorting of types and placing them in their proper boxes in the cases. \ (n.) The steps or operations by which steam is supplied to and withdrawn from the cylinder at each stroke of the piston; viz., admission, suppression or cutting off, release or exhaust, and compression of exhaust steam prior to the next admission.
insert several ad. three or more, but not many \ (a.) Separate; distinct; particular; single. \ (a.) Diverse; different; various. \ (a.) Consisting of a number more than two, but not very many; divers; sundry; as, several persons were present when the event took place. \ (adv.) By itself; severally. \ (n.) Each particular taken singly; an item; a detail; an individual. \ (n.) Persons oe objects, more than two, but not very many. \ (n.) An inclosed or separate place; inclosure.
insert promise (a.) In general, a declaration, written or verbal, made by one person to another, which binds the person who makes it to do, or to forbear to do, a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act. \ (a.) An engagement by one person to another, either in words or in writing, but properly not under seal, for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person, without regard to the consideration for it, or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made. \ (a.) That which causes hope, expectation, or assurance; especially, that which affords expectation of future distinction; as, a youth of great promise. \ (a.) Bestowal, fulfillment, or grant of what is promised. \ (v. t.) To engage to do, give, make, or to refrain from doing, giving, or making, or the like; to covenant; to engage, to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money. \ (v. t.) To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of, the clouds promise rain. \ (v. t.) To make declaration of or give assurance of, as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow, the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward. \ (v. i.) To give assurance by a promise, or binding declaration. \ (v. i.) To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely, to give reason to expect evil.
insert lean (v. t.) To conceal. \ (v. i.) To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating; as, she leaned out at the window; a leaning column. \ (v. i.) To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; -- with to, toward, etc. \ (v. i.) To rest or rely, for support, comfort, and the like; -- with on, upon, or against. \ (v. i.) To cause to lean; to incline; to support or rest. \ (v. i.) Wanting flesh; destitute of or deficient in fat; not plump; meager; thin; lank, a lean body; a lean cattle. \ (v. i.) Wanting fullness, richness, sufficiency, or productiveness; deficient in quality or contents; slender; scant; barren; bare; mean; -- used literally and figuratively, the lean harvest; a lean purse; a lean discourse; lean wages. \ (v. i.) Of a character which prevents the compositor from earning the usual wages; -- opposed to fat, lean copy, matter, or type. \ (n.) That part of flesh which consist principally of muscle without the fat. \ (n.) Unremunerative copy or work.
insert shoot v. to cause a gun or other weapon to send out an object designed to kill; to use a gun \ (n.) An inclined plane, either artificial or natural, down which timber, coal, etc., are caused to slide; also, a narrow passage, either natural or artificial, in a stream, where the water rushes rapidly; esp., a channel, having a swift current, connecting the ends of a bend in the stream, so as to shorten the course. \ (v. i.) To let fly, or cause to be driven, with force, as an arrow or a bullet; -- followed by a word denoting the missile, as an object. \ (v. i.) To discharge, causing a missile to be driven forth; -- followed by a word denoting the weapon or instrument, as an object; -- often with off; as, to shoot a gun. \ (v. i.) To strike with anything shot; to hit with a missile; often, to kill or wound with a firearm; -- followed by a word denoting the person or thing hit, as an object. \ (v. i.) To send out or forth, especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit. \ (v. i.) To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; -- often with out, a plant shoots out a bud. \ (v. i.) To plane straight; to fit by planing. \ (v. i.) To pass rapidly through, over, or under, to shoot a rapid or a bridge; to shoot a sand bar. \ (v. i.) To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches. \ (v. i.) To cause an engine or weapon to discharge a missile; -- said of a person or an agent, they shot at a target; he shoots better than he rides. \ (v. i.) To discharge a missile; -- said of an engine or instrument, the gun shoots well. \ (v. i.) To be shot or propelled forcibly; -- said of a missile; to be emitted or driven; to move or extend swiftly, as if propelled, a shooting star. \ (v. i.) To penetrate, as a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation, shooting pains. \ (v. i.) To feel a quick, darting pain; to throb in pain. \ (v. i.) To germinate; to bud; to sprout. \ (v. i.) To grow; to advance, to shoot up rapidly. \ (v. i.) To change form suddenly; especially, to solidify. \ (v. i.) To protrude; to jut; to extend, the land shoots into a promontory. \ (v. i.) To move ahead by force of momentum, as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee. \ (n.) The act of shooting; the discharge of a missile; a shot, the shoot of a shuttle. \ (n.) A young branch or growth. \ (n.) A rush of water; a rapid. \ (n.) A vein of ore running in the same general direction as the lode. \ (n.) A weft thread shot through the shed by the shuttle; a pick. \ (n.) A shoat; a young hog.
insert painful (a.) Full of pain; causing uneasiness or distress, either physical or mental; afflictive; disquieting; distressing. \ (a.) Requiring labor or toil; difficult; executed with laborious effort; as a painful service; a painful march. \ (a.) Painstaking; careful; industrious.
insert reflect (v.) To bend back; to give a backwa/d turn to; to throw back; especially, to cause to return after striking upon any surface; as, a mirror reflects rays of light; polished metals reflect heat. \ (v.) To give back an image or likeness of; to mirror. \ (v. i.) To throw back light, heat, or the like; to return rays or beams. \ (v. i.) To be sent back; to rebound as from a surface; to revert; to return. \ (v. i.) To throw or turn back the thoughts upon anything; to contemplate. Specifically: To attend earnestly to what passes within the mind; to attend to the facts or phenomena of consciousness; to use attention or earnest thought; to meditate, to think in relation to moral truth or rules. \ (v. i.) To cast reproach; to cause censure or dishonor.
insert health n. the general condition of the body and mind; the condition of being free from sickness or disease \ (n.) The state of being hale, sound, or whole, in body, mind, or soul; especially, the state of being free from physical disease or pain. \ (n.) A wish of health and happiness, as in pledging a person in a toast.
insert product (n.) Anything that is produced, whether as the result of generation, growth, labor, or thought, or by the operation of involuntary causes; as, the products of the season, or of the farm; the products of manufactures; the products of the brain. \ (n.) The number or sum obtained by adding one number or quantity to itself as many times as there are units in another number; the number resulting from the multiplication of two or more numbers, the product of the multiplication of 7 by 5 is 35. In general, the result of any kind of multiplication. See the Note under Multiplication. \ (v. t.) To produce; to bring forward. \ (v. t.) To lengthen out; to extend. \ (v. t.) To produce; to make.
insert election (a.) The act of choosing; choice; selection. \ (a.) The act of choosing a person to fill an office, or to membership in a society, as by ballot, uplifted hands, or viva voce; as, the election of a president or a mayor. \ (a.) Power of choosing; free will; liberty to choose or act. \ (a.) Discriminating choice; discernment. \ (a.) Divine choice; predestination of individuals as objects of mercy and salvation; -- one of the "five points" of Calvinism. \ (a.) The choice, made by a party, of two alternatives, by taking one of which, the chooser is excluded from the other. \ (a.) Those who are elected.
insert medal (n.) A piece of metal in the form of a coin, struck with a device, and intended to preserve the remembrance of a notable event or an illustrious person, or to serve as a reward. \ (v. t.) To honor or reward with a medal.
insert anyway (adv.) Alt. of Anyways
insert drug n. anything used as a medicine or in making medicine; a chemical substance used to ease pain or to affect the mind \ (v. i.) To drudge; to toil laboriously. \ (n.) A drudge (?). \ (n.) Any animal, vegetable, or mineral substance used in the composition of medicines; any stuff used in dyeing or in chemical operations. \ (n.) Any commodity that lies on hand, or is not salable; an article of slow sale, or in no demand. \ (v. i.) To prescribe or administer drugs or medicines. \ (v. t.) To affect or season with drugs or ingredients; esp., to stupefy by a narcotic drug. Also Fig. \ (v. t.) To tincture with something offensive or injurious. \ (v. t.) To dose to excess with, or as with, drugs.
insert lift v. to take or bring up to a higher place or level \ (n.) The sky; the atmosphere; the firmament. \ (v. t.) To move in a direction opposite to that of gravitation; to raise; to elevate; to bring up from a lower place to a higher; to upheave; sometimes implying a continued support or holding in the higher place; -- said of material things; as, to lift the foot or the hand; to lift a chair or a burden. \ (v. t.) To raise, elevate, exalt, improve, in rank, condition, estimation, character, etc.; -- often with up. \ (v. t.) To bear; to support. \ (v. t.) To collect, as moneys due; to raise. \ (v. t.) To steal; to carry off by theft (esp. cattle), to lift a drove of cattle. \ (v. i.) To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing. \ (v. i.) To rise; to become or appear raised or elevated, the fog lifts; the land lifts to a ship approaching it. \ (v. t.) To live by theft. \ (n.) Act of lifting; also, that which is lifted. \ (n.) The space or distance through which anything is lifted, a long lift. \ (n.) Help; assistance, as by lifting, to give one a lift in a wagon. \ (n.) That by means of which a person or thing lifts or is lifted \ (n.) A hoisting machine; an elevator; a dumb waiter. \ (n.) A handle. \ (n.) An exercising machine. \ (n.) A rise; a degree of elevation, the lift of a lock in canals. \ (n.) A lift gate. See Lift gate, below. \ (n.) A rope leading from the masthead to the extremity of a yard below; -- used for raising or supporting the end of the yard. \ (n.) One of the steps of a cone pulley. \ (n.) A layer of leather in the heel. \ (n.) That portion of the vibration of a balance during which the impulse is given.
insert ill (a.) Contrary to good, in a physical sense; contrary or opposed to advantage, happiness, etc.; bad; evil; unfortunate; disagreeable; unfavorable. \ (a.) Contrary to good, in a moral sense; wicked; wrong; iniquitious; naughtly; improper. \ (a.) Sick; indisposed; unwell; diseased; disordered; as, ill of a fever. \ (a.) Not according with rule, fitness, or propriety; incorrect; rude; unpolished; inelegant. \ (n.) Whatever annoys or impairs happiness, or prevents success; evil of any kind; misfortune; calamity; disease; pain, the ills of humanity. \ (n.) Whatever is contrary to good; wickedness; depravity; iniquity; evil. \ (adv.) In a ill manner; badly; weakly.
insert basket (n.) A vessel made of osiers or other twigs, cane, rushes, splints, or other flexible material, interwoven. \ (n.) The contents of a basket; as much as a basket contains; as, a basket of peaches. \ (n.) The bell or vase of the Corinthian capital. \ (n.) The two back seats facing one another on the outside of a stagecoach. \ (v. t.) To put into a basket.
insert engineer n. a person who designs engines, machines, roads, bridges or railroads \ (n.) A person skilled in the principles and practice of any branch of engineering. See under Engineering, n. \ (n.) One who manages as engine, particularly a steam engine; an engine driver. \ (n.) One who carries through an enterprise by skillful or artful contrivance; an efficient manager. \ (v. t.) To lay out or construct, as an engineer; to perform the work of an engineer on; as, to engineer a road. \ (v. t.) To use contrivance and effort for; to guide the course of; to manage, to engineer a bill through Congress.
insert softly (adv.) In a soft manner.
insert airport n. a place where airplanes take off and land
insert soap (n.) A substance which dissolves in water, thus forming a lather, and is used as a cleansing agent. Soap is produced by combining fats or oils with alkalies or alkaline earths, usually by boiling, and consists of salts of sodium, potassium, etc., with the fatty acids (oleic, stearic, palmitic, etc.). See the Note below, and cf. Saponification. By extension, any compound of similar composition or properties, whether used as a cleaning agent or not. \ (v. t.) To rub or wash over with soap. \ (v. t.) To flatter; to wheedle.
insert design v. to plan or create plans for \ (n.) To draw preliminary outline or main features of; to sketch for a pattern or model; to delineate; to trace out; to draw. \ (n.) To mark out and exhibit; to designate; to indicate; to show; to point out; to appoint. \ (n.) To create or produce, as a work of art; to form a plan or scheme of; to form in idea; to invent; to project; to lay out in the mind; as, a man designs an essay, a poem, a statue, or a cathedral. \ (n.) To intend or purpose; -- usually with for before the remote object, but sometimes with to. \ (v. i.) To form a design or designs; to plan. \ (n.) A preliminary sketch; an outline or pattern of the main features of something to be executed, as of a picture, a building, or a decoration; a delineation; a plan. \ (n.) A plan or scheme formed in the mind of something to be done; preliminary conception; idea intended to be expressed in a visible form or carried into action; intention; purpose; -- often used in a bad sense for evil intention or purpose; scheme; plot. \ (n.) Specifically, intention or purpose as revealed or inferred from the adaptation of means to an end, the argument from design. \ (n.) The realization of an inventive or decorative plan; esp., a work of decorative art considered as a new creation; conception or plan shown in completed work, this carved panel is a fine design, or of a fine design. \ (n.) The invention and conduct of the subject; the disposition of every part, and the general order of the whole.
insert day n. twenty-four hours; the hours of sunlight \ (n.) The time of light, or interval between one night and the next; the time between sunrise and sunset, or from dawn to darkness; hence, the light; sunshine. \ (n.) The period of the earth's revolution on its axis. -- ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours. It is measured by the interval between two successive transits of a celestial body over the same meridian, and takes a specific name from that of the body. Thus, if this is the sun, the day (the interval between two successive transits of the sun's center over the same meridian) is called a solar day; if it is a star, a sidereal day; if it is the moon, a lunar day. See Civil day, Sidereal day, below. \ (n.) Those hours, or the daily recurring period, allotted by usage or law for work. \ (n.) A specified time or period; time, considered with reference to the existence or prominence of a person or thing; age; time. \ (n.) (Preceded by the) Some day in particular, as some day of contest, some anniversary, etc.
insert switch (n.) A small, flexible twig or rod. \ (n.) A movable part of a rail; or of opposite rails, for transferring cars from one track to another. \ (n.) A separate mass or trees of hair, or of some substance (at jute) made to resemble hair, worn on the head by women. \ (n.) A mechanical device for shifting an electric current to another circuit. \ (v. t.) To strike with a switch or small flexible rod; to whip. \ (v. t.) To swing or whisk; as, to switch a cane. \ (v. t.) To trim, a hedge. \ (v. t.) To turn from one railway track to another; to transfer by a switch; -- generally with off, from, etc., to switch off a train; to switch a car from one track to another. \ (v. t.) To shift to another circuit. \ (v. i.) To walk with a jerk. \ (n.) A device for shifting an electric current to another circuit, or for making and breaking a circuit.
insert hit v. to strike; to touch with force \ (pron.) It. \ 3d pers. sing. pres. of Hide, contracted from hideth. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Hit \ (v. t.) To reach with a stroke or blow; to strike or touch, usually with force; especially, to reach or touch (an object aimed at). \ (v. t.) To reach or attain exactly; to meet according to the occasion; to perform successfully; to attain to; to accord with; to be conformable to; to suit. \ (v. t.) To guess; to light upon or discover. \ (v. t.) To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; -- said of a single unprotected piece on a point. \ (v. i.) To meet or come in contact; to strike; to clash; -- followed by against or on. \ (v. i.) To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, -- often with implied chance, or luck. \ (n.) A striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything. \ (n.) A stroke of success in an enterprise, as by a fortunate chance; as, he made a hit. \ (n.) A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark, a happy hit. \ (n.) A game won at backgammon after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts less than a gammon. \ (n.) A striking of the ball, a safe hit; a foul hit; -- sometimes used specifically for a base hit.
insert try v. to make an effort; to take court action against a person to decide if he or she is guilty or innocent of a crime \ (v. t.) To divide or separate, as one sort from another; to winnow; to sift; to pick out; -- frequently followed by out; as, to try out the wild corn from the good. \ (v. t.) To purify or refine, as metals; to melt out, and procure in a pure state, as oil, tallow, lard, etc. \ (v. t.) To prove by experiment; to apply a test to, for the purpose of determining the quality; to examine; to prove; to test, to try weights or measures by a standard; to try a man's opinions. \ (v. t.) To subject to severe trial; to put to the test; to cause suffering or trouble to. \ (v. t.) To experiment with; to test by use, to try a remedy for disease; to try a horse. \ (v. t.) To strain; to subject to excessive tests, the light tries his eyes; repeated disappointments try one's patience. \ (v. t.) To examine or investigate judicially; to examine by witnesses or other judicial evidence and the principles of law, to try a cause, or a criminal. \ (v. t.) To settle; to decide; to determine; specifically, to decide by an appeal to arms, to try rival claims by a duel; to try conclusions. \ (v. t.) To experience; to have or gain knowledge of by experience. \ (v. t.) To essay; to attempt; to endeavor. \ (v. i.) To exert strength; to endeavor; to make an effort or an attempt, you must try hard if you wish to learn. \ (v. i.) To do; to fare, how do you try! \ (n.) A screen, or sieve, for grain. \ (n.) Act of trying; attempt; experiment; trial. \ (v. t.) Refined; select; excellent; choice. \ (n.) In Rugby and Northern Union football, a score (counting three points) made by grounding the ball on or behind the opponent's goal line; -- so called because it entitles the side making it to a place kick for a goal (counting two points more if successful).
insert sixth (a.) First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth. \ (a.) Constituting or being one of six equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by six; one of six equal parts which form a whole. \ (n.) The next in order after the fifth. \ (n.) The interval embracing six diatonic degrees of the scale.
insert anyhow (adv.) In any way or manner whatever; at any rate; in any event.
insert season n. one of the four periods of the year that is based on the earth's position toward the sun (spring, summer, autumn, winter); a period of time based on different weather conditions ("dry season", "rainy season"); a period during the year when something usually happens ("baseball season") \ (n.) One of the divisions of the year, marked by alternations in the length of day and night, or by distinct conditions of temperature, moisture, etc., caused mainly by the relative position of the earth with respect to the sun. In the north temperate zone, four seasons, namely, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, are generally recognized. Some parts of the world have three seasons, -- the dry, the rainy, and the cold; other parts have but two, -- the dry and the rainy. \ (n.) Hence, a period of time, especially as regards its fitness for anything contemplated or done; a suitable or convenient time; proper conjuncture; as, the season for planting; the season for rest. \ (n.) A period of time not very long; a while; a time. \ (n.) That which gives relish; seasoning. \ (v. t.) To render suitable or appropriate; to prepare; to fit. \ (v. t.) To fit for any use by time or habit; to habituate; to accustom; to inure; to ripen; to mature, to season one to a climate. \ (v. t.) Hence, to prepare by drying or hardening, or removal of natural juices, to season timber. \ (v. t.) To fit for taste; to render palatable; to give zest or relish to; to spice, to season food. \ (v. t.) Hence, to fit for enjoyment; to render agrecable. \ (v. t.) To qualify by admixture; to moderate; to temper. \ (v. t.) To imbue; to tinge or taint. \ (v. t.) To copulate with; to impregnate. \ (v. i.) To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate. \ (v. i.) To become dry and hard, by the escape of the natural juices, or by being penetrated with other substance, timber seasons in the sun. \ (v. i.) To give token; to savor.
insert protect v. to guard; to defend; to prevent from being harmed or damaged \ (v. t.) To cover or shield from danger or injury; to guard; to preserve in safety; as, a father protects his children.
insert calendar (n.) An orderly arrangement of the division of time, adapted to the purposes of civil life, as years, months, weeks, and days; also, a register of the year with its divisions; an almanac. \ (n.) A tabular statement of the dates of feasts, offices, saints' days, etc., esp. of those which are liable to change yearly according to the varying date of Easter. \ (n.) An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a schedule; as, a calendar of state papers; a calendar of bills presented in a legislative assembly; a calendar of causes arranged for trial in court; a calendar of a college or an academy. \ (v. t.) To enter or write in a calendar; to register.
insert vest (n.) An article of clothing covering the person; an outer garment; a vestment; a dress; a vesture; a robe. \ (n.) Any outer covering; array; garb. \ (n.) Specifically, a waistcoat, or sleeveless body garment, for men, worn under the coat. \ (n.) To clothe with, or as with, or garment; to dress; to robe; to cover, surround, or encompass closely. \ (n.) To clothe with authority, power, or the like; to put in possession; to invest; to furnish; to endow; -- followed by with before the thing conferred; as, to vest a court with power to try cases of life and death. \ (n.) To place or give into the possession or discretion of some person or authority; to commit to another; -- with in before the possessor, the power of life and death is vested in the king, or in the courts. \ (n.) To invest; to put, to vest money in goods, land, or houses. \ (n.) To clothe with possession, to vest a person with an estate; also, to give a person an immediate fixed right of present or future enjoyment of, an estate is vested in possession. \ (v. i.) To come or descend; to be fixed; to take effect, as a title or right; -- followed by in, upon the death of the ancestor, the estate, or the right to the estate, vests in the heir at law.
insert studio (n.) The working room of an artist.
insert partly (adv.) In part; in some measure of degree; not wholly.
insert then ad. at that time; existing; and so \ (adv.) At that time (referring to a time specified, either past or future). \ (adv.) Soon afterward, or immediately; next; afterward. \ (adv.) At another time; later; again. \ (conj.) Than. \ (conj.) In that case; in consequence; as a consequence; therefore; for this reason.
insert enough ad. as much as necessary; pro. the amount needed \ (a.) Satisfying desire; giving content; adequate to meet the want; sufficient; -- usually, and more elegantly, following the noun to which it belongs. \ (adv.) In a degree or quantity that satisfies; to satisfaction; sufficiently. \ (adv.) Fully; quite; -- used to express slight augmentation of the positive degree, and sometimes equivalent to very; as, he is ready enough to embrace the offer. \ (adv.) In a tolerable degree; -- used to express mere acceptableness or acquiescence, and implying a degree or quantity rather less than is desired, the song was well enough. \ (n.) A sufficiency; a quantity which satisfies desire, is adequate to the want, or is equal to the power or ability, he had enough to do take care of himself. \ (interj.) An exclamation denoting sufficiency, being a shortened form of it is enough.
insert relation (n.) The act of relating or telling; also, that which is related; recital; account; narration; narrative; as, the relation of historical events. \ (n.) The state of being related or of referring; what is apprehended as appertaining to a being or quality, by considering it in its bearing upon something else; relative quality or condition; the being such and such with regard or respect to some other thing; connection, the relation of experience to knowledge; the relation of master to servant. \ (n.) Reference; respect; regard. \ (n.) Connection by consanguinity or affinity; kinship; relationship, the relation of parents and children. \ (n.) A person connected by cosanguinity or affinity; a relative; a kinsman or kinswoman. \ (n.) The carrying back, and giving effect or operation to, an act or proceeding frrom some previous date or time, by a sort of fiction, as if it had happened or begun at that time. In such case the act is said to take effect by relation. \ (n.) The act of a relator at whose instance a suit is begun.
insert continue v. to go on doing or being \ (v. i.) To remain in a given place or condition; to remain in connection with; to abide; to stay. \ (v. i.) To be permanent or durable; to endure; to last. \ (v. i.) To be steadfast or constant in any course; to persevere; to persist; to keep up or maintain a particular condition, course, or series of actions; as, the army continued to advance. \ (v. t.) To unite; to connect. \ (v. t.) To protract or extend in duration; to preserve or persist in; to cease not. \ (v. t.) To carry onward or extend; to prolong or produce; to add to or draw out in length. \ (v. t.) To retain; to suffer or cause to remain, the trustees were continued; also, to suffer to live.
insert written (p. p.) of Write \ p. p. of Write, v.
insert year n. a period of time equal to twelve months \ (n.) The time of the apparent revolution of the sun trough the ecliptic; the period occupied by the earth in making its revolution around the sun, called the astronomical year; also, a period more or less nearly agreeing with this, adopted by various nations as a measure of time, and called the civil year; as, the common lunar year of 354 days, still in use among the Mohammedans; the year of 360 days, etc. In common usage, the year consists of 365 days, and every fourth year (called bissextile, or leap year) of 366 days, a day being added to February on that year, on account of the excess above 365 days (see Bissextile). \ (n.) The time in which any planet completes a revolution about the sun, the year of Jupiter or of Saturn. \ (n.) Age, or old age, a man in years.
insert steady (n.) Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed; firm. \ (n.) Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable, or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose; resolute; as, a man steady in his principles, in his purpose, or in the pursuit of an object. \ (n.) Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform, the steady course of the sun; a steady breeze of wind. \ (v. t.) To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking, reeling, or falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant, regular, or resolute. \ (v. i.) To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move steadily.
insert meal n. food eaten to satisfy hunger, such as dinner \ (n.) A part; a fragment; a portion. \ (n.) The portion of food taken at a particular time for the satisfaction of appetite; the quantity usually taken at one time with the purpose of satisfying hunger; a repast; the act or time of eating a meal; as, the traveler has not eaten a good meal for a week; there was silence during the meal. \ (n.) Grain (esp. maize, rye, or oats) that is coarsely ground and unbolted; also, a kind of flour made from beans, pease, etc.; sometimes, any flour, esp. if coarse. \ (n.) Any substance that is coarsely pulverized like meal, but not granulated. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with, or as with, meal. \ (v. t.) To pulverize, mealed powder.
insert romantic (a.) Of or pertaining to romance; involving or resembling romance; hence, fanciful; marvelous; extravagant; unreal; as, a romantic tale; a romantic notion; a romantic undertaking. \ (a.) Entertaining ideas and expectations suited to a romance, a romantic person; a romantic mind. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the style of the Christian and popular literature of the Middle Ages, as opposed to the classical antique; of the nature of, or appropriate to, that style, the romantic school of poets. \ (a.) Characterized by strangeness or variety; suggestive of adventure; suited to romance; wild; picturesque; -- applied to scenery, a romantic landscape.
insert sunshine (n.) The light of the sun, or the place where it shines; the direct rays of the sun, the place where they fall, or the warmth and light which they give. \ (n.) Anything which has a warming and cheering influence like that of the rays of the sun; warmth; illumination; brightness. \ (a.) Sunshiny; bright.
insert difficult ad. not easy; hard to do, make or carry out \ (a.) Hard to do or to make; beset with difficulty; attended with labor, trouble, or pains; not easy; arduous. \ (a.) Hard to manage or to please; not easily wrought upon; austere; stubborn; as, a difficult person. \ (v. t.) To render difficult; to impede; to perplex.
insert mistaken (p. p.) of Mistake \ (p.a.) Being in error; judging wrongly; having a wrong opinion or a misconception; as, a mistaken man; he is mistaken. \ (p.a.) Erroneous; wrong, a mistaken notion.
insert better ad. more good than \ (a.) Having good qualities in a greater degree than another; as, a better man; a better physician; a better house; a better air. \ (a.) Preferable in regard to rank, value, use, fitness, acceptableness, safety, or in any other respect. \ (a.) Greater in amount; larger; more. \ (a.) Improved in health; less affected with disease, the patient is better. \ (a.) More advanced; more perfect, upon better acquaintance; a better knowledge of the subject. \ (n.) Advantage, superiority, or victory; -- usually with of, to get the better of an enemy. \ (n.) One who has a claim to precedence; a superior, as in merit, social standing, etc.; -- usually in the plural. \ (compar.) In a superior or more excellent manner; with more skill and wisdom, courage, virtue, advantage, or success, Henry writes better than John; veterans fight better than recruits. \ (compar.) More correctly or thoroughly. \ (compar.) In a higher or greater degree; more, to love one better than another. \ (compar.) More, in reference to value, distance, time, ten miles and better. \ (a.) To improve or ameliorate; to increase the good qualities of. \ (a.) To improve the condition of, morally, physically, financially, socially, or otherwise. \ (a.) To surpass in excellence; to exceed; to excel. \ (a.) To give advantage to; to support; to advance the interest of. \ (v. i.) To become better; to improve. \ (n.) One who bets or lays a wager.
insert monthly (a.) Continued a month, or a performed in a month; as, the monthly revolution of the moon. \ (a.) Done, happening, payable, published, etc., once a month, or every month, a monthly visit; monthly charges; a monthly installment; a monthly magazine. \ (n.) A publication which appears regularly once a month. \ (adv.) Once a month; in every month, the moon changes monthly. \ (adv.) As if under the influence of the moon; in the manner of a lunatic.
insert nine (a.) Eight and one more; one less than ten; as, nine miles. \ (n.) The number greater than eight by a unit; nine units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing nine units, as 9 or ix.
insert spot (n.) A mark on a substance or body made by foreign matter; a blot; a place discolored. \ (n.) A stain on character or reputation; something that soils purity; disgrace; reproach; fault; blemish. \ (n.) A small part of a different color from the main part, or from the ground upon which it is; as, the spots of a leopard; the spots on a playing card. \ (n.) A small extent of space; a place; any particular place. \ (n.) A variety of the common domestic pigeon, so called from a spot on its head just above its beak. \ (n.) A sciaenoid food fish (Liostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. It has a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides. Called also goody, Lafayette, masooka, and old wife. \ (n.) The southern redfish, or red horse, which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail. See Redfish. \ (n.) Commodities, as merchandise and cotton, sold for immediate delivery. \ (v. t.) To make visible marks upon with some foreign matter; to discolor in or with spots; to stain; to cover with spots or figures, to spot a garnment; to spot paper. \ (v. t.) To mark or note so as to insure recognition; to recognize; to detect, to spot a criminal. \ (v. t.) To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish, as reputation; to asperse. \ (v. i.) To become stained with spots. \ (a.) Lit., being on the spot, or place; \ (a.) on hand for immediate delivery after sale; -- said of commodities, spot wheat.
insert literature n. all the poems, stories and writings of a period of time or of a country \ (n.) Learning; acquaintance with letters or books. \ (n.) The collective body of literary productions, embracing the entire results of knowledge and fancy preserved in writing; also, the whole body of literary productions or writings upon a given subject, or in reference to a particular science or branch of knowledge, or of a given country or period; as, the literature of Biblical criticism; the literature of chemistry. \ (n.) The class of writings distinguished for beauty of style or expression, as poetry, essays, or history, in distinction from scientific treatises and works which contain positive knowledge; belles-lettres. \ (n.) The occupation, profession, or business of doing literary work.
insert window n. an opening in a wall to let in light and air, usually filled with glass \ (n.) An opening in the wall of a building for the admission of light and air, usually closed by casements or sashes containing some transparent material, as glass, and capable of being opened and shut at pleasure. \ (n.) The shutter, casement, sash with its fittings, or other framework, which closes a window opening. \ (n.) A figure formed of lines crossing each other. \ (v. t.) To furnish with windows. \ (v. t.) To place at or in a window.
insert cousin (n.) One collaterally related more remotely than a brother or sister; especially, the son or daughter of an uncle or aunt. \ (n.) A title formerly given by a king to a nobleman, particularly to those of the council. In English writs, etc., issued by the crown, it signifies any earl. \ (n.) Allied; akin.
insert were (v. t. & i.) To wear. See 3d Wear. \ (n.) A weir. See Weir. \ (v. t.) To guard; to protect. \ The imperfect indicative plural, and imperfect subjunctive singular and plural, of the verb be. See Be. \ (n.) A man. \ (n.) A fine for slaying a man; the money value set upon a man's life; weregild.
insert zone (n.) A girdle; a cincture. \ (n.) One of the five great divisions of the earth, with respect to latitude and temperature. \ (n.) The portion of the surface of a sphere included between two parallel planes; the portion of a surface of revolution included between two planes perpendicular to the axis. \ (n.) A band or stripe extending around a body. \ (n.) A band or area of growth encircling anything; as, a zone of evergreens on a mountain; the zone of animal or vegetable life in the ocean around an island or a continent; the Alpine zone, that part of mountains which is above the limit of tree growth. \ (n.) A series of planes having mutually parallel intersections. \ (n.) Circuit; circumference. \ (v. t.) To girdle; to encircle. \ (n.) An area or part of a region characterized by uniform or similar animal and plant life; a life zone, Littoral zone, Austral zone, etc. \ (n.) A series of faces whose intersection lines with each other are parallel. \ (n.) The aggregate of stations, in whatsoever direction or on whatsoever line of railroad, situated between certain maximum and minimum limits from a point at which a shipment of traffic originates. \ (n.) Any circular or ring-shaped area within which the street-car companies make no differences of fare. \ (n.) In the United States parcel-post system, any of the areas about any point of shipment for which but one rate of postage is charged for a parcel post shipment from that point. The rate increases from within outwards. The first zone includes the unit of area "(a quadrangle 30 minutes square)" in which the place of shipment is situated and the 8 contiguous units; the outer limits of the second to the seventh zones, respectively, are approximately 150, 300, 600, 1000, 1400, and 1800 miles from the point of shipment; the eighth zone includes all units of area outside the seventh zone.
insert cola (n.) L. pl. of Colon. \ (n.) A genus of sterculiaceous trees, natives of tropical Africa, esp. Guinea, but now naturalized in tropical America, esp. in the West Indies and Brazil. \ (n.) Same as Cola nut, below.
insert happy ad. pleased; satisfied; feeling good; not sad \ (superl.) Favored by hap, luck, or fortune; lucky; fortunate; successful; prosperous; satisfying desire; as, a happy expedient; a happy effort; a happy venture; a happy omen. \ (superl.) Experiencing the effect of favorable fortune; having the feeling arising from the consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind, as peace, tranquillity, comfort; contented; joyous, happy hours, happy thoughts. \ (superl.) Dexterous; ready; apt; felicitous.
insert strength (n.) The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance, whether physical, intellectual, or moral; force; vigor; power; as, strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind, of memory, or of judgment. \ (n.) Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility, the strength of a bone, of a beam, of a wall, a rope, and the like. \ (n.) Power of resisting attacks; impregnability. \ (n.) That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness, the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument. \ (n.) One who, or that which, is regarded as embodying or affording force, strength, or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security. \ (n.) Force as measured; amount, numbers, or power of any body, as of an army, a navy, and the like, what is the strength of the enemy by land, or by sea? \ (n.) Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work. \ (n.) Intensity; -- said of light or color. \ (n.) Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors, solutions, etc., the strength of wine or of acids. \ (n.) A strong place; a stronghold. \ (v. t.) To strengthen.
insert fountain (n.) A spring of water issuing from the earth. \ (n.) An artificially produced jet or stream of water; also, the structure or works in which such a jet or stream rises or flows; a basin built and constantly supplied with pure water for drinking and other useful purposes, or for ornament. \ (n.) A reservoir or chamber to contain a liquid which can be conducted or drawn off as needed for use; as, the ink fountain in a printing press, etc. \ (n.) The source from which anything proceeds, or from which anything is supplied continuously; origin; source.
insert June (n.) The sixth month of the year, containing thirty days. \ (n.) The sister and wife of Jupiter, the queen of heaven, and the goddess who presided over marriage. She corresponds to the Greek Hera. \ (n.) One of the early discovered asteroids.
insert salt n. a white substance found in sea water and in the ground, used to affect the taste of food \ (n.) The chloride of sodium, a substance used for seasoning food, for the preservation of meat, etc. It is found native in the earth, and is also produced, by evaporation and crystallization, from sea water and other water impregnated with saline particles. \ (n.) Hence, flavor; taste; savor; smack; seasoning. \ (n.) Hence, also, piquancy; wit; sense; as, Attic salt. \ (n.) A dish for salt at table; a saltcellar. \ (n.) A sailor; -- usually qualified by old. \ (n.) The neutral compound formed by the union of an acid and a base; thus, sulphuric acid and iron form the salt sulphate of iron or green vitriol. \ (n.) Fig.: That which preserves from corruption or error; that which purifies; a corrective; an antiseptic, an allowance or deduction, his statements must be taken with a grain of salt. \ (n.) Any mineral salt used as an aperient or cathartic, especially Epsom salts, Rochelle salt, or Glauber's salt. \ (n.) Marshes flooded by the tide. \ (n.) Of or relating to salt; abounding in, or containing, salt; prepared or preserved with, or tasting of; salted, salt beef; salt water. \ (n.) Overflowed with, or growing in, salt water, a salt marsh; salt grass. \ (n.) Fig.: Bitter; sharp; pungent. \ (n.) Fig.: Salacious; lecherous; lustful. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle, impregnate, or season with salt; to preserve with salt or in brine; to supply with salt, to salt fish, beef, or pork; to salt cattle. \ (v. t.) To fill with salt between the timbers and planks, as a ship, for the preservation of the timber. \ (v. i.) To deposit salt as a saline solution, the brine begins to salt. \ (n.) The act of leaping or jumping; a leap. \ Sulphate of magnesia having cathartic qualities; -- originally prepared by boiling down the mineral waters at Epsom, England, -- whence the name; afterwards prepared from sea water; but now from certain minerals, as from siliceous hydrate of magnesia.
insert science n. the study of nature and the actions of natural things, and the knowledge gained about them \ (n.) Knowledge; knowledge of principles and causes; ascertained truth of facts. \ (n.) Accumulated and established knowledge, which has been systematized and formulated with reference to the discovery of general truths or the operation of general laws; knowledge classified and made available in work, life, or the search for truth; comprehensive, profound, or philosophical knowledge. \ (n.) Especially, such knowledge when it relates to the physical world and its phenomena, the nature, constitution, and forces of matter, the qualities and functions of living tissues, etc.; -- called also natural science, and physical science. \ (n.) Any branch or department of systematized knowledge considered as a distinct field of investigation or object of study; as, the science of astronomy, of chemistry, or of mind. \ (n.) Art, skill, or expertness, regarded as the result of knowledge of laws and principles. \ (v. t.) To cause to become versed in science; to make skilled; to instruct.
insert escape v. to get free; to get away from; to get out of \ (v.) To flee from and avoid; to be saved or exempt from; to shun; to obtain security from; as, to escape danger. \ (v.) To avoid the notice of; to pass unobserved by; to evade, the fact escaped our attention. \ (v. i.) To flee, and become secure from danger; -- often followed by from or out of. \ (v. i.) To get clear from danger or evil of any form; to be passed without harm. \ (v. i.) To get free from that which confines or holds; -- used of persons or things, to escape from prison, from arrest, or from slavery; gas escapes from the pipes; electricity escapes from its conductors. \ (n.) The act of fleeing from danger, of evading harm, or of avoiding notice; deliverance from injury or any evil; flight, an escape in battle; a narrow escape; also, the means of escape, a fire escape. \ (n.) That which escapes attention or restraint; a mistake; an oversight, transgression. \ (n.) A sally. \ (n.) The unlawful permission, by a jailer or other custodian, of a prisoner's departure from custody. \ (n.) An apophyge. \ (n.) Leakage or outflow, as of steam or a liquid. \ (n.) Leakage or loss of currents from the conducting wires, caused by defective insulation. \ (n.) A plant which has escaped from cultivation.
insert curtain (n.) A hanging screen intended to darken or conceal, and admitting of being drawn back or up, and reclosed at pleasure; esp., drapery of cloth or lace hanging round a bed or at a window; in theaters, and like places, a movable screen for concealing the stage. \ (n.) That part of the rampart and parapet which is between two bastions or two gates. See Illustrations of Ravelin and Bastion. \ (n.) That part of a wall of a building which is between two pavilions, towers, etc. \ (n.) A flag; an ensign; -- in contempt. \ (v. t.) To inclose as with curtains; to furnish with curtains.
insert matter n. anything that can be seen or felt; what things are made of \ (n.) That of which anything is composed; constituent substance; material; the material or substantial part of anything; the constituent elements of conception; that into which a notion may be analyzed; the essence; the pith; the embodiment. \ (n.) That of which the sensible universe and all existent bodies are composed; anything which has extension, occupies space, or is perceptible by the senses; body; substance. \ (n.) That with regard to, or about which, anything takes place or is done; the thing aimed at, treated of, or treated; subject of action, discussion, consideration, feeling, complaint, legal action, or the like; theme. \ (n.) That which one has to treat, or with which one has to do; concern; affair; business. \ (n.) Affair worthy of account; thing of consequence; importance; significance; moment; -- chiefly in the phrases what matter ? no matter, and the like. \ (n.) Inducing cause or occasion, especially of anything disagreeable or distressing; difficulty; trouble. \ (n.) Amount; quantity; portion; space; -- often indefinite. \ (n.) Substance excreted from living animal bodies; that which is thrown out or discharged in a tumor, boil, or abscess; pus; purulent substance. \ (n.) That which is permanent, or is supposed to be given, and in or upon which changes are effected by psychological or physical processes and relations; -- opposed to form. \ (n.) Written manuscript, or anything to be set in type; copy; also, type set up and ready to be used, or which has been used, in printing. \ (v. i.) To be of importance; to import; to signify. \ (v. i.) To form pus or matter, as an abscess; to maturate. \ (v. t.) To regard as important; to take account of; to care for. \ be important / It doesn't matter if you can't come here tomorrow.
insert grave (v. t.) To clean, as a vessel's bottom, of barnacles, grass, etc., and pay it over with pitch; -- so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose. \ (superl.) Of great weight; heavy; ponderous. \ (superl.) Of importance; momentous; weighty; influential; sedate; serious; -- said of character, relations; as, grave deportment, character, influence, etc. \ (superl.) Not light or gay; solemn; sober; plain, a grave color; a grave face. \ (superl.) Not acute or sharp; low; deep; -- said of sound, a grave note or key. \ (superl.) Slow and solemn in movement. \ (n.) To dig. [Obs.] Chaucer. \ (n.) To carve or cut, as letters or figures, on some hard substance; to engrave. \ (n.) To carve out or give shape to, by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture, to grave an image. \ (n.) To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly. \ (n.) To entomb; to bury. \ (v. i.) To write or delineate on hard substances, by means of incised lines; to practice engraving. \ (n.) An excavation in the earth as a place of burial; also, any place of interment; a tomb; a sepulcher. Hence: Death; destruction.
insert put v. to place; to set in position \ (n.) A pit. \ 3d pers. sing. pres. of Put, contracted from putteth. \ (n.) A rustic; a clown; an awkward or uncouth person. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Put \ (v. t.) To move in any direction; to impel; to thrust; to push; -- nearly obsolete, except with adverbs, as with by (to put by = to thrust aside; to divert); or with forth (to put forth = to thrust out). \ (v. t.) To bring to a position or place; to place; to lay; to set; figuratively, to cause to be or exist in a specified relation, condition, or the like; to bring to a stated mental or moral condition; as, to put one in fear; to put a theory in practice; to put an enemy to fight. \ (v. t.) To attach or attribute; to assign, to put a wrong construction on an act or expression. \ (v. t.) To lay down; to give up; to surrender. \ (v. t.) To set before one for judgment, acceptance, or rejection; to bring to the attention; to offer; to state; to express, to assume; to suppose; -- formerly sometimes followed by that introducing a proposition, to put a question; to put a case. \ (v. t.) To incite; to entice; to urge; to constrain; to oblige. \ (v. t.) To throw or cast with a pushing motion "overhand," the hand being raised from the shoulder; a practice in athletics, to put the shot or weight. \ (v. t.) To convey coal in the mine, as from the working to the tramway. \ (v. i.) To go or move, when the air first puts up. \ (v. i.) To steer; to direct one's course; to go. \ (v. i.) To play a card or a hand in the game called put. \ (n.) The act of putting; an action; a movement; a thrust; a push, the put of a ball. \ (n.) A certain game at cards. \ (n.) A privilege which one party buys of another to "put" (deliver) to him a certain amount of stock, grain, etc., at a certain price and date. \ (n.) A prostitute.
insert weather n. the condition of the atmosphere resulting from sun, wind, rain, heat or cold \ (n.) The state of the air or atmosphere with respect to heat or cold, wetness or dryness, calm or storm, clearness or cloudiness, or any other meteorological phenomena; meteorological condition of the atmosphere; as, warm weather; cold weather; wet weather; dry weather, etc. \ (n.) Vicissitude of season; meteorological change; alternation of the state of the air. \ (n.) Storm; tempest. \ (n.) A light rain; a shower. \ (v. t.) To expose to the air; to air; to season by exposure to air. \ (v. t.) Hence, to sustain the trying effect of; to bear up against and overcome; to sustain; to endure; to resist, to weather the storm. \ (v. t.) To sail or pass to the windward of, to weather a cape; to weather another ship. \ (v. t.) To place (a hawk) unhooded in the open air. \ (v. i.) To undergo or endure the action of the atmosphere; to suffer meteorological influences; sometimes, to wear away, or alter, under atmospheric influences; to suffer waste by weather. \ (a.) Being toward the wind, or windward -- opposed to lee, weather bow, weather braces, weather gauge, weather lifts, weather quarter, weather shrouds, etc.
insert attention (n.) The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense, representation, or thought; notice; exclusive or special consideration; earnest consideration, thought, or regard; obedient or affectionate heed; the supposed power or faculty of attending. \ (n.) An act of civility or courtesy; care for the comfort and pleasure of others; as, attentions paid to a stranger.
insert continent n. any of the seven great land areas of the world \ (a.) Serving to restrain or limit; restraining; opposing. \ (a.) Exercising restraint as to the indulgence of desires or passions; temperate; moderate. \ (a.) Abstaining from sexual intercourse; exercising restraint upon the sexual appetite; esp., abstaining from illicit sexual intercourse; chaste. \ (a.) Not interrupted; connected; continuous; as, a continent fever. \ (a.) That which contains anything; a receptacle. \ (a.) One of the grand divisions of land on the globe; the main land; specifically (Phys. Geog.), a large body of land differing from an island, not merely in its size, but in its structure, which is that of a large basin bordered by mountain chains, the continent of North America.
insert discuss v. to talk about; to exchange ideas \ (v. t.) To break to pieces; to shatter. \ (v. t.) To break up; to disperse; to scatter; to dissipate; to drive away; -- said especially of tumors. \ (v. t.) To shake; to put away; to finish. \ (v. t.) To examine in detail or by disputation; to reason upon by presenting favorable and adverse considerations; to debate; to sift; to investigate; to ventilate. \ (v. t.) To deal with, in eating or drinking. \ (v. t.) To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against, as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
insert angel (n.) A messenger. \ (n.) A spiritual, celestial being, superior to man in power and intelligence. In the Scriptures the angels appear as God's messengers. \ (n.) One of a class of "fallen angels;" an evil spirit; as, the devil and his angels. \ (n.) A minister or pastor of a church, as in the Seven Asiatic churches. \ (n.) Attendant spirit; genius; demon. \ (n.) An appellation given to a person supposed to be of angelic goodness or loveliness; a darling. \ (n.) An ancient gold coin of England, bearing the figure of the archangel Michael. It varied in value from 6s. 8d. to 10s.
insert vacation (n.) The act of vacating; a making void or of no force; as, the vacation of an office or a charter. \ (n.) Intermission of a stated employment, procedure, or office; a period of intermission; rest; leisure. \ (n.) Intermission of judicial proceedings; the space of time between the end of one term and the beginning of the next; nonterm; recess. \ (n.) The intermission of the regular studies and exercises of an educational institution between terms; holidays, the spring vacation. \ (n.) The time when an office is vacant; esp. (Eccl.), the time when a see, or other spiritual dignity, is vacant.
insert moral ad. concerning what is right or wrong in someone's actions \ (a.) Relating to duty or obligation; pertaining to those intentions and actions of which right and wrong, virtue and vice, are predicated, or to the rules by which such intentions and actions ought to be directed; relating to the practice, manners, or conduct of men as social beings in relation to each other, as respects right and wrong, so far as they are properly subject to rules. \ (a.) Conformed to accepted rules of right; acting in conformity with such rules; virtuous; just; as, a moral man. Used sometimes in distinction from religious, a moral rather than a religious life. \ (a.) Capable of right and wrong action or of being governed by a sense of right; subject to the law of duty. \ (a.) Acting upon or through one's moral nature or sense of right, or suited to act in such a manner, a moral arguments; moral considerations. Sometimes opposed to material and physical, moral pressure or support. \ (a.) Supported by reason or probability; practically sufficient; -- opposed to legal or demonstrable, a moral evidence; a moral certainty. \ (a.) Serving to teach or convey a moral, a moral lesson; moral tales. \ (n.) The doctrine or practice of the duties of life; manner of living as regards right and wrong; conduct; behavior; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) The inner meaning or significance of a fable, a narrative, an occurrence, an experience, etc.; the practical lesson which anything is designed or fitted to teach; the doctrine meant to be inculcated by a fiction; a maxim. \ (n.) A morality play. See Morality, 5. \ (v. i.) To moralize.
insert sensible (a.) Capable of being perceived by the senses; apprehensible through the bodily organs; hence, also, perceptible to the mind; making an impression upon the sense, reason, or understanding; ////// heat; sensible resistance. \ (a.) Having the capacity of receiving impressions from external objects; capable of perceiving by the instrumentality of the proper organs; liable to be affected physsically or mentally; impressible. \ (a.) Hence: Liable to impression from without; easily affected; having nice perception or acute feeling; sensitive, readily moved or affected by natural agents; delicate; as, a sensible thermometer. \ (a.) Perceiving or having perception, either by the senses or the mind; cognizant; perceiving so clearly as to be convinced; satisfied; persuaded. \ (a.) Having moral perception; capable of being affected by moral good or evil. \ (a.) Possessing or containing sense or reason; giftedwith, or characterized by, good or common sense; intelligent; wise. \ (n.) Sensation; sensibility. \ (n.) That which impresses itself on the sense; anything perceptible. \ (n.) That which has sensibility; a sensitive being.
insert lucky (superl.) Favored by luck; fortunate; meeting with good success or good fortune; -- said of persons; as, a lucky adventurer. \ (superl.) Producing, or resulting in, good by chance, or unexpectedly; favorable; auspicious, a lucky mistake; a lucky cast; a lucky hour.
insert mama (n.) See Mamma.
insert yes ad. used to express agreement or to permit \ (adv.) Ay; yea; -- a word which expresses affirmation or consent; -- opposed to no.
insert papa (n.) A child's word for father. \ (n.) A parish priest in the Greek Church.
insert idea n. a thought or picture in the mind; a belief \ (n.) The transcript, image, or picture of a visible object, that is formed by the mind; also, a similar image of any object whatever, whether sensible or spiritual. \ (n.) A general notion, or a conception formed by generalization. \ (n.) Hence: Any object apprehended, conceived, or thought of, by the mind; a notion, conception, or thought; the real object that is conceived or thought of. \ (n.) A belief, option, or doctrine; a characteristic or controlling principle; as, an essential idea; the idea of development. \ (n.) A plan or purpose of action; intention; design. \ (n.) A rational conception; the complete conception of an object when thought of in all its essential elements or constituents; the necessary metaphysical or constituent attributes and relations, when conceived in the abstract. \ (n.) A fiction object or picture created by the imagination; the same when proposed as a pattern to be copied, or a standard to be reached; one of the archetypes or patterns of created things, conceived by the Platonists to have excited objectively from eternity in the mind of the Deity.
insert homemade (a.) Made at home; of domestic manufacture; made either in a private family or in one's own country.
insert scarf (n.) A cormorant. \ (n.) An article of dress of a light and decorative character, worn loosely over the shoulders or about the neck or the waist; a light shawl or handkerchief for the neck; also, a cravat; a neckcloth. \ (v. t.) To throw on loosely; to put on like a scarf. \ (v. t.) To dress with a scarf, or as with a scarf; to cover with a loose wrapping. \ (v. t.) To form a scarf on the end or edge of, as for a joint in timber, metal rods, etc. \ (v. t.) To unite, as two pieces of timber or metal, by a scarf joint. \ (n.) In a piece which is to be united to another by a scarf joint, the part of the end or edge that is tapered off, rabbeted, or notched so as to be thinner than the rest of the piece. \ (n.) A scarf joint.
insert paper n. a thin, flat material made from plants or cloth often used for writing \ (n.) A substance in the form of thin sheets or leaves intended to be written or printed on, or to be used in wrapping. It is made of rags, straw, bark, wood, or other fibrous material, which is first reduced to pulp, then molded, pressed, and dried. \ (n.) A sheet, leaf, or piece of such substance. \ (n.) A printed or written instrument; a document, essay, or the like; a writing; as, a paper read before a scientific society. \ (n.) A printed sheet appearing periodically; a newspaper; a journal, a daily paper. \ (n.) Negotiable evidences of indebtedness; notes; bills of exchange, and the like, the bank holds a large amount of his paper. \ (n.) Decorated hangings or coverings for walls, made of paper. See Paper hangings, below. \ (n.) A paper containing (usually) a definite quantity, a paper of pins, tacks, opium, etc. \ (n.) A medicinal preparation spread upon paper, intended for external application, cantharides paper. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to paper; made of paper; resembling paper; existing only on paper; unsubstantial, a paper box; a paper army. \ (v. t.) To cover with paper; to furnish with paper hangings, to paper a room or a house. \ (v. t.) To fold or inclose in paper. \ (v. t.) To put on paper; to make a memorandum of. \ Cloth or paper covered with powdered carborundum.
insert flower n. the colored part of plants that carry seeds \ (n.) In the popular sense, the bloom or blossom of a plant; the showy portion, usually of a different color, shape, and texture from the foliage. \ (n.) That part of a plant destined to produce seed, and hence including one or both of the sexual organs; an organ or combination of the organs of reproduction, whether inclosed by a circle of foliar parts or not. A complete flower consists of two essential parts, the stamens and the pistil, and two floral envelopes, the corolla and callyx. In mosses the flowers consist of a few special leaves surrounding or subtending organs called archegonia. See Blossom, and Corolla. \ (n.) The fairest, freshest, and choicest part of anything; as, the flower of an army, or of a family; the state or time of freshness and bloom, the flower of life, that is, youth. \ (n.) Grain pulverized; meal; flour. \ (n.) A substance in the form of a powder, especially when condensed from sublimation, the flowers of sulphur. \ (n.) A figure of speech; an ornament of style. \ (n.) Ornamental type used chiefly for borders around pages, cards, etc. \ (n.) Menstrual discharges. \ (v. i.) To blossom; to bloom; to expand the petals, as a plant; to produce flowers, this plant flowers in June. \ (v. i.) To come into the finest or fairest condition. \ (v. i.) To froth; to ferment gently, as new beer. \ (v. i.) To come off as flowers by sublimation. \ (v. t.) To embellish with flowers; to adorn with imitated flowers, flowered silk.
insert no ad. used to reject or to refuse; not any; not at all \ (a.) Not any; not one; none. \ (adv.) Nay; not; not at all; not in any respect or degree; -- a word expressing negation, denial, or refusal. Before or after another negative, no is emphatic. \ (n.) A refusal by use of the wordd no; a denial. \ (n.) A negative vote; one who votes in the negative; as, to call for the ayes and noes; the noes have it.
insert sudden ad. not expected; without warning; done or carried out quickly or without preparation \ (a.) Happening without previous notice or with very brief notice; coming unexpectedly, or without the common preparation; immediate; instant; speedy. \ (a.) Hastly prepared or employed; quick; rapid. \ (a.) Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate. \ (adv.) Suddenly; unexpectedly. \ (n.) An unexpected occurrence; a surprise.
insert dish (n.) A vessel, as a platter, a plate, a bowl, used for serving up food at the table. \ (n.) The food served in a dish; hence, any particular kind of food; as, a cold dish; a warm dish; a delicious dish. "A dish fit for the gods." \ (n.) The state of being concave, or like a dish, or the degree of such concavity, the dish of a wheel. \ (n.) A hollow place, as in a field. \ (n.) A trough about 28 inches long, 4 deep, and 6 wide, in which ore is measured. \ (n.) That portion of the produce of a mine which is paid to the land owner or proprietor. \ (v. t.) To put in a dish, ready for the table. \ (v. t.) To make concave, or depress in the middle, like a dish, to dish a wheel by inclining the spokes. \ (v. t.) To frustrate; to beat; to ruin.
insert was (imp.) of Be \ (v.) The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
insert pocket (n.) A bag or pouch; especially; a small bag inserted in a garment for carrying small articles, particularly money; hence, figuratively, money; wealth. \ (n.) One of several bags attached to a billiard table, into which the balls are driven. \ (n.) A large bag or sack used in packing various articles, as ginger, hops, cowries, etc. \ (n.) A hole or space covered by a movable piece of board, as in a floor, boxing, partitions, or the like. \ (n.) A cavity in a rock containing a nugget of gold, or other mineral; a small body of ore contained in such a cavity. \ (n.) A hole containing water. \ (n.) A strip of canvas, sewn upon a sail so that a batten or a light spar can placed in the interspace. \ (n.) Same as Pouch. \ (v. t.) To put, or conceal, in the pocket; as, to pocket the change. \ (v. t.) To take clandestinely or fraudulently. \ (n.) Any hollow place suggestive of a pocket in form or use; \ (n.) A bin for storing coal, grain, etc. \ (n.) A socket for receiving the foot of a post, stake, etc. \ (n.) A bight on a lee shore.
insert gasoline (n.) A highly volatile mixture of fluid hydrocarbons, obtained from petroleum, as also by the distillation of bituminous coal. It is used in making air gas, and in giving illuminating power to water gas. See Carburetor. \ Alt. of Gasolene, engine
insert fairy (n.) Enchantment; illusion. \ (n.) The country of the fays; land of illusions. \ (n.) An imaginary supernatural being or spirit, supposed to assume a human form (usually diminutive), either male or female, and to meddle for good or evil in the affairs of mankind; a fay. See Elf, and Demon. \ (n.) An enchantress. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to fairies. \ (a.) Given by fairies; as, fairy money.
insert die v. to become dead; to stop living; to end \ (pl. ) of Dice \ (v. i.) To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of, by, with, from, and rarely for, before the cause or occasion of death; as, to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought. \ (v. i.) To suffer death; to lose life. \ (v. i.) To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished. \ (v. i.) To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc. \ (v. i.) To become indifferent; to cease to be subject, to die to pleasure or to sin. \ (v. i.) To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away. \ (v. i.) To disappear gradually in another surface, as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face. \ (v. i.) To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor. \ (n.) A small cube, marked on its faces with spots from one to six, and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice. \ (n.) Any small cubical or square body. \ (n.) That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance. \ (n.) That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado. \ (n.) A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to, or impress any desired device on, an object or surface, by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals, coining, striking up sheet metal, etc. \ (n.) A perforated block, commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch, for punching holes, as through plates, or blanks from plates, or for forming cups or capsules, as from sheet metal, by drawing. \ (n.) A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool, made in one piece or composed of several parts, for forming screw threads on bolts, etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
insert disappoint (v. t.) To defeat of expectation or hope; to hinder from the attainment of that which was expected, hoped, or desired; to balk; as, a man is disappointed of his hopes or expectations, or his hopes, desires, intentions, expectations, or plans are disappointed; a bad season disappoints the farmer of his crops; a defeat disappoints an enemy of his spoil. \ (v. t.) To frustrate; to fail; to hinder of result.
insert short ad. lasting only for a small period of time; not long; opposite tall \ (superl.) Not long; having brief length or linear extension; as, a short distance; a short piece of timber; a short flight. \ (superl.) Not extended in time; having very limited duration; not protracted, short breath. \ (superl.) Limited in quantity; inadequate; insufficient; scanty, a short supply of provisions, or of water. \ (superl.) Insufficiently provided; inadequately supplied; scantily furnished; lacking; not coming up to a resonable, or the ordinary, standard; -- usually with of, to be short of money. \ (superl.) Deficient; defective; imperfect; not coming up, as to a measure or standard, an account which is short of the trith. \ (superl.) Not distant in time; near at hand. \ (superl.) Limited in intellectual power or grasp; not comprehensive; narrow; not tenacious, as memory. \ (superl.) Less important, efficaceous, or powerful; not equal or equivalent; less (than); -- with of. \ (superl.) Abrupt; brief; pointed; petulant, he gave a short answer to the question. \ (superl.) Breaking or crumbling readily in the mouth; crisp, short pastry. \ (superl.) Brittle. \ (superl.) Engaging or engaged to deliver what is not possessed, short contracts; to be short of stock. See The shorts, under Short, n., and To sell short, adv. \ (adv.) Not prolonged, or relatively less prolonged, in utterance; -- opposed to long, and applied to vowels or to syllables. In English, the long and short of the same letter are not, in most cases, the long and short of the same sound; thus, the i in ill is the short sound, not of i in isle, but of ee in eel, and the e in pet is the short sound of a in pate, etc. See Quantity, and Guide to Pronunciation, //22, 30. \ (n.) A summary account. \ (n.) The part of milled grain sifted out which is next finer than the bran. \ (n.) Short, inferior hemp. \ (n.) Breeches; shortclothes. \ (n.) A short sound, syllable, or vowel. \ (adv.) In a short manner; briefly; limitedly; abruptly; quickly, to stop short in one's course; to turn short. \ (v. t.) To shorten. \ (v. i.) To fail; to decrease.
insert upper (comp.) Being further up, literally or figuratively; higher in place, position, rank, dignity, or the like; superior; as, the upper lip; the upper side of a thing; the upper house of a legislature. \ (n.) The upper leather for a shoe; a vamp.
insert beefsteak (n.) A steak of beef; a slice of beef broiled or suitable for broiling.
insert speaking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Speak \ (a.) Uttering speech; used for conveying speech; as, man is a speaking animal; a speaking tube. \ (a.) Seeming to be capable of speech; hence, lifelike, a speaking likeness.
insert represent v. to act in the place of someone else; to substitute for; to serve as an example \ (v. t.) To present again or anew; to present by means of something standing in the place of; to exhibit the counterpart or image of; to typify. \ (v. t.) To portray by pictoral or plastic art; to delineate; as, to represent a landscape in a picture, a horse in bronze, and the like. \ (v. t.) To portray by mimicry or action of any kind; to act the part or character of; to personate, to represent Hamlet. \ (v. t.) To stand in the place of; to supply the place, perform the duties, exercise the rights, or receive the share, of; to speak and act with authority in behalf of; to act the part of (another), an heir represents his ancestor; an attorney represents his client in court; a member of Congress represents his district in Congress. \ (v. t.) To exhibit to another mind in language; to show; to give one's own impressions and judgement of; to bring before the mind; to set forth; sometimes, to give an account of; to describe. \ (v. t.) To serve as a sign or symbol of, mathematical symbols represent quantities or relations; words represent ideas or things. \ (v. t.) To bring a sensation of into the mind or sensorium; to cause to be known, felt, or apprehended; to present. \ (v. t.) To form or image again in consciousness, as an object of cognition or apprehension (something which was originally apprehended by direct presentation). See Presentative, 3.
insert tulip (n.) Any plant of the liliaceous genus Tulipa. Many varieties are cultivated for their beautiful, often variegated flowers.
insert university n. a place of education that usually includes several colleges and research organizations \ (n.) The universe; the whole. \ (n.) An association, society, guild, or corporation, esp. one capable of having and acquiring property. \ (n.) An institution organized and incorporated for the purpose of imparting instruction, examining students, and otherwise promoting education in the higher branches of literature, science, art, etc., empowered to confer degrees in the several arts and faculties, as in theology, law, medicine, music, etc. A university may exist without having any college connected with it, or it may consist of but one college, or it may comprise an assemblage of colleges established in any place, with professors for instructing students in the sciences and other branches of learning.
insert lamb (n.) The young of the sheep. \ (n.) Any person who is as innocent or gentle as a lamb. \ (n.) A simple, unsophisticated person; in the cant of the Stock Exchange, one who ignorantly speculates and is victimized. \ (v. i.) To bring forth a lamb or lambs, as sheep.
insert feather (n.) One of the peculiar dermal appendages, of several kinds, belonging to birds, as contour feathers, quills, and down. \ (n.) Kind; nature; species; -- from the proverbial phrase, "Birds of a feather," that is, of the same species. \ (n.) The fringe of long hair on the legs of the setter and some other dogs. \ (n.) A tuft of peculiar, long, frizzly hair on a horse. \ (n.) One of the fins or wings on the shaft of an arrow. \ (n.) A longitudinal strip projecting as a fin from an object, to strengthen it, or to enter a channel in another object and thereby prevent displacement sidwise but permit motion lengthwise; a spline. \ (n.) A thin wedge driven between the two semicylindrical parts of a divided plug in a hole bored in a stone, to rend the stone. \ (n.) The angular adjustment of an oar or paddle-wheel float, with reference to a horizontal axis, as it leaves or enters the water. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a feather or feathers, as an arrow or a cap. \ (v. t.) To adorn, as with feathers; to fringe. \ (v. t.) To render light as a feather; to give wings to. \ (v. t.) To enrich; to exalt; to benefit. \ (v. t.) To tread, as a cock. \ (v. i.) To grow or form feathers; to become feathered; -- often with out; as, the birds are feathering out. \ (v. i.) To curdle when poured into another liquid, and float about in little flakes or "feathers;" as, the cream feathers \ (v. i.) To turn to a horizontal plane; -- said of oars. \ (v. i.) To have the appearance of a feather or of feathers; to be or to appear in feathery form.
insert see v. to know or sense through the eyes; to understand or know \ (n.) A seat; a site; a place where sovereign power is exercised. \ (n.) Specifically: (a) The seat of episcopal power; a diocese; the jurisdiction of a bishop; as, the see of New York. (b) The seat of an archibishop; a province or jurisdiction of an archibishop, an archiepiscopal see. (c) The seat, place, or office of the pope, or Roman pontiff, the papal see. (d) The pope or his court at Rome, to appeal to the see of Rome. \ (v. t.) To perceive by the eye; to have knowledge of the existence and apparent qualities of by the organs of sight; to behold; to descry; to view. \ (v. t.) To perceive by mental vision; to form an idea or conception of; to note with the mind; to observe; to discern; to distinguish; to understand; to comprehend; to ascertain. \ (v. t.) To follow with the eyes, or as with the eyes; to watch; to regard attentivelly; to look after. \ (v. t.) To have an interview with; especially, to make a call upon; to visit, to go to see a friend. \ (v. t.) To fall in with; to have intercourse or communication with; hence, to have knowledge or experience of, to see military service. \ (v. t.) To accompany in person; to escort; to wait upon, to see one home; to see one aboard the cars. \ (v. i.) To have the power of sight, or of perceiving by the proper organs; to possess or employ the sense of vision, he sees distinctly. \ (v. i.) Figuratively: To have intellectual apprehension; to perceive; to know; -- often followed by a preposition, as through, or into. \ (v. i.) To be attentive; to take care; to give heed; -- generally with to, to see to the house. \ (v. t.) In poker and similar games at cards, to meet (a bet), or to equal the bet of (a player), by staking the same sum.
insert helmet (n.) A defensive covering for the head. See Casque, Headpiece, Morion, Sallet, and Illust. of Beaver. \ (n.) The representation of a helmet over shields or coats of arms, denoting gradations of rank by modifications of form. \ (n.) A helmet-shaped hat, made of cork, felt, metal, or other suitable material, worn as part of the uniform of soldiers, firemen, etc., also worn in hot countries as a protection from the heat of the sun. \ (n.) That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc. \ (n.) The upper part of a retort. \ (n.) The hood-formed upper sepal or petal of some flowers, as of the monkshood or the snapdragon. \ (n.) A naked shield or protuberance on the top or fore part of the head of a bird.
insert tray (v. t.) To betray; to deceive. \ (n.) A small trough or wooden vessel, sometimes scooped out of a block of wood, for various domestic uses, as in making bread, chopping meat, etc. \ (n.) A flat, broad vessel on which dishes, glasses, etc., are carried; a waiter; a salver. \ (n.) A shallow box, generally without a top, often used within a chest, trunk, box, as a removable receptacle for small or light articles.
insert place v. to put something somewhere; n. an area or a part of an area; space where a person or thing is; any room, building, town or country \ (n.) Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all other space, or appropriated to some definite object or use; position; ground; site; spot; rarely, unbounded space. \ (n.) A broad way in a city; an open space; an area; a court or short part of a street open only at one end. \ (n.) A position which is occupied and held; a dwelling; a mansion; a village, town, or city; a fortified town or post; a stronghold; a region or country. \ (n.) Rank; degree; grade; order of priority, advancement, dignity, or importance; especially, social rank or position; condition; also, official station; occupation; calling. \ (n.) Vacated or relinquished space; room; stead (the departure or removal of another being or thing being implied). \ (n.) A definite position or passage of a document. \ (n.) Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding; as, he said in the first place. \ (n.) Reception; effect; -- implying the making room for. \ (n.) Position in the heavens, as of a heavenly body; -- usually defined by its right ascension and declination, or by its latitude and longitude. \ (n.) To assign a place to; to put in a particular spot or place, or in a certain relative position; to direct to a particular place; to fix; to settle; to locate, to place a book on a shelf; to place balls in tennis. \ (n.) To put or set in a particular rank, office, or position; to surround with particular circumstances or relations in life; to appoint to certain station or condition of life, in whatever sphere one is placed. \ (n.) To put out at interest; to invest; to loan, to place money in a bank. \ (n.) To set; to repose, to place confidence in a friend. \ (n.) To attribute; to ascribe; to set down. \ (n.) The position of first, second, or third at the finish, esp. the second position. In betting, to win a bet on a horse for place it must, in the United States, finish first or second, in England, usually, first, or third. \ (v. t.) To determine or announce the place of at the finish. Usually, in horse racing only the first three horses are placed officially. \ (v. t.) To place-kick ( a goal).
insert replace (v. t.) To place again; to restore to a former place, position, condition, or the like. \ (v. t.) To refund; to repay; to restore; as, to replace a sum of money borrowed. \ (v. t.) To supply or substitute an equivalent for, to replace a lost document. \ (v. t.) To take the place of; to supply the want of; to fulfull the end or office of. \ (v. t.) To put in a new or different place.
insert because prep. for the reason that ("He left because he was sick.") \ (conj.) By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason that. \ (conj.) In order that; that.
insert somewhere (adv.) In some place unknown or not specified; in one place or another.
insert conscious (a.) Possessing the faculty of knowing one's own thoughts or mental operations. \ (a.) Possessing knowledge, whether by internal, conscious experience or by external observation; cognizant; aware; sensible. \ (a.) Made the object of consciousness; known to one's self; as, conscious guilt.
insert iron n. a strong, hard metal used to make machines and tools \ (n.) The most common and most useful metallic element, being of almost universal occurrence, usually in the form of an oxide (as hematite, magnetite, etc.), or a hydrous oxide (as limonite, turgite, etc.). It is reduced on an enormous scale in three principal forms; viz., cast iron, steel, and wrought iron. Iron usually appears dark brown, from oxidation or impurity, but when pure, or on a fresh surface, is a gray or white metal. It is easily oxidized (rusted) by moisture, and is attacked by many corrosive agents. Symbol Fe (Latin Ferrum). Atomic weight 55.9. Specific gravity, pure iron, 7.86, 7.1. In magnetic properties, it is superior to all other substances. \ (n.) An instrument or utensil made of iron; -- chiefly in composition; as, a flatiron, a smoothing iron, etc. \ (n.) Fetters; chains; handcuffs; manacles. \ (n.) Strength; power; firmness; inflexibility, to rule with a rod of iron. \ (n.) Of, or made of iron; consisting of iron, an iron bar, dust. \ (n.) Resembling iron in color, iron blackness. \ (n.) Like iron in hardness, strength, impenetrability, power of endurance, insensibility, etc.; \ (n.) Rude; hard; harsh; severe. \ (n.) Firm; robust; enduring, an iron constitution. \ (n.) Inflexible; unrelenting, an iron will. \ (n.) Not to be broken; holding or binding fast; tenacious. \ (v. t.) To smooth with an instrument of iron; especially, to smooth, as cloth, with a heated flatiron; -- sometimes used with out. \ (v. t.) To shackle with irons; to fetter or handcuff. \ (v. t.) To furnish or arm with iron, to iron a wagon. \ (n.) An iron-headed club with a deep face, chiefly used in making approaches, lifting a ball over hazards
insert material n. the substance, substances or matter of which something is made or from which something can be made, such as wood, cloth or stone; anything that can be made into something else \ (a.) Consisting of matter; not spiritual; corporeal; physical; as, material substance or bodies. \ (a.) Hence: Pertaining to, or affecting, the physical nature of man, as distinguished from the mental or moral nature; relating to the bodily wants, interests, and comforts. \ (a.) Of solid or weighty character; not insubstantial; of cinsequence; not be dispensed with; important. \ (a.) Pertaining to the matter, as opposed to the form, of a thing. See Matter. \ (n.) The substance or matter of which anything is made or may be made. \ (v. t.) To form from matter; to materialize.
insert while n. a space of time ("Please come to my house for a while."); conj. at or during the same time ("It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.") \ (n.) Space of time, or continued duration, esp. when short; a time; as, one while we thought him innocent. \ (n.) That which requires time; labor; pains. \ (v. t.) To cause to pass away pleasantly or without irksomeness or disgust; to spend or pass; -- usually followed by away. \ (v. i.) To loiter. \ (conj.) During the time that; as long as; whilst; at the same time that, while I write, you sleep. \ (conj.) Hence, under which circumstances; in which case; though; whereas. \ (prep.) Until; till.
insert suggest v. to offer or propose something to think about or consider \ (v. t.) To introduce indirectly to the thoughts; to cause to be thought of, usually by the agency of other objects. \ (v. t.) To propose with difference or modesty; to hint; to intimate; as, to suggest a difficulty. \ (v. t.) To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt. \ (v. t.) To inform secretly. \ (v. i.) To make suggestions; to tempt.
insert arrow (n.) A missile weapon of offense, slender, pointed, and usually feathered and barbed, to be shot from a bow.
insert save v. to make safe; to remove from harm; to keep for future use \ (n.) The herb sage, or salvia. \ (a.) To make safe; to procure the safety of; to preserve from injury, destruction, or evil of any kind; to rescue from impending danger; as, to save a house from the flames. \ (a.) Specifically, to deliver from sin and its penalty; to rescue from a state of condemnation and spiritual death, and bring into a state of spiritual life. \ (a.) To keep from being spent or lost; to secure from waste or expenditure; to lay up; to reserve. \ (a.) To rescue from something undesirable or hurtful; to prevent from doing something; to spare. \ (a.) To hinder from doing, suffering, or happening; to obviate the necessity of; to prevent; to spare. \ (a.) To hold possession or use of; to escape loss of. \ (v. i.) To avoid unnecessary expense or expenditure; to prevent waste; to be economical. \ (a.) Except; excepting; not including; leaving out; deducting; reserving; saving. \ (conj.) Except; unless.
insert worry v. to be concerned; to continue thinking that something, possibly bad, can happen \ (v. t.) To harass by pursuit and barking; to attack repeatedly; also, to tear or mangle with the teeth. \ (v. t.) To harass or beset with importunity, or with care an anxiety; to vex; to annoy; to torment; to tease; to fret; to trouble; to plague. \ (v. t.) To harass with labor; to fatigue. \ (v. i.) To feel or express undue care and anxiety; to manifest disquietude or pain; to be fretful; to chafe; as, the child worries; the horse worries. \ (n.) A state of undue solicitude; a state of disturbance from care and anxiety; vexation; anxiety; fret, to be in a worry.
insert suitable (a.) Capable of suiting; fitting; accordant; proper; becoming; agreeable; adapted; as, ornaments suitable to one's station; language suitable for the subject.
insert citizen n. a person who is a member of a country by birth or by law \ (n.) One who enjoys the freedom and privileges of a city; a freeman of a city, as distinguished from a foreigner, or one not entitled to its franchises. \ (n.) An inhabitant of a city; a townsman. \ (n.) A person, native or naturalized, of either sex, who owes allegiance to a government, and is entitled to reciprocal protection from it. \ (n.) One who is domiciled in a country, and who is a citizen, though neither native nor naturalized, in such a sense that he takes his legal status from such country. \ (a.) Having the condition or qualities of a citizen, or of citizens; as, a citizen soldiery. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a city; characteristic of citizens; effeminate; luxurious.
insert hall (n.) A building or room of considerable size and stateliness, used for public purposes; as, Westminster Hall, in London. \ (n.) The chief room in a castle or manor house, and in early times the only public room, serving as the place of gathering for the lord's family with the retainers and servants, also for cooking and eating. It was often contrasted with the bower, which was the private or sleeping apartment. \ (n.) A vestibule, entrance room, etc., in the more elaborated buildings of later times. \ (n.) Any corridor or passage in a building. \ (n.) A name given to many manor houses because the magistrate's court was held in the hall of his mansion; a chief mansion house. \ (n.) A college in an English university (at Oxford, an unendowed college). \ (n.) The apartment in which English university students dine in common; hence, the dinner itself, hall is at six o'clock. \ (n.) Cleared passageway in a crowd; -- formerly an exclamation.
insert used (imp. & p. p.) of Use
insert up ad. to, in or at a higher position or value \ (adv.) Aloft; on high; in a direction contrary to that of gravity; toward or in a higher place or position; above; -- the opposite of down. \ (adv.) From a lower to a higher position, literally or figuratively; as, from a recumbent or sitting position; from the mouth, toward the source, of a river; from a dependent or inferior condition; from concealment; from younger age; from a quiet state, or the like; -- used with verbs of motion expressed or implied. \ (adv.) In a higher place or position; in the state of having arisen; in an upright, or nearly upright, position; standing; mounted on a horse; in a condition of elevation, prominence, advance, proficiency, excitement, insurrection; -- used with verbs of rest, situation, condition, and the like, to be up on a hill; the lid of the box was up; prices are up. \ (adv.) To or in a position of equal advance or equality; not short of, back of, less advanced than, away from; -- usually followed by to or with, to be up to the chin in water; to come up with one's companions; to come up with the enemy; to live up to engagements. \ (adv.) To or in a state of completion; completely; wholly; quite, in the phrases to eat up; to drink up; to burn up; to sum up; etc.; to shut up the eyes or the mouth; to sew up a rent. \ (adv.) Aside, so as not to be in use, to lay up riches; put up your weapons. \ (prep.) From a lower to a higher place on, upon, or along; at a higher situation upon; at the top of. \ (prep.) From the coast towards the interior of, as a country; from the mouth towards the source of, as a stream, to journey up the country; to sail up the Hudson. \ (prep.) Upon. \ (n.) The state of being up or above; a state of elevation, prosperity; -- rarely occurring except in the phrase ups and downs. \ (a.) Inclining up; tending or going up; upward, an up look; an up grade; the up train.
insert blame v. to accuse; to hold responsible \ (v. t.) To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach. \ (v. t.) To bring reproach upon; to blemish. \ (v.) An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure. \ (v.) That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin. \ (v.) Hurt; injury.
insert scream (v. i.) To cry out with a shrill voice; to utter a sudden, sharp outcry, or shrill, loud cry, as in fright or extreme pain; to shriek; to screech. \ (n.) A sharp, shrill cry, uttered suddenly, as in terror or in pain; a shriek; a screech.
insert patrol (v. i.) To go the rounds along a chain of sentinels; to traverse a police district or beat. \ (v.) t To go the rounds of, as a sentry, guard, or policeman; as, to patrol a frontier; to patrol a beat. \ (v. i.) A going of the rounds along the chain of sentinels and between the posts, by a guard, usually consisting of three or four men, to insure greater security from attacks on the outposts. \ (v. i.) A movement, by a small body of troops beyond the line of outposts, to explore the country and gain intelligence of the enemy's whereabouts. \ (v. i.) The guard or men who go the rounds for observation; a detachment whose duty it is to patrol. \ (v. i.) Any perambulation of a particular line or district to guard it; also, the men thus guarding, a customs patrol; a fire patrol. \ (n.) See Boy Scout.
insert prize n. something offered or won in a competition; something of value that one must work hard for to get \ (n.) That which is taken from another; something captured; a thing seized by force, stratagem, or superior power. \ (n.) Anything captured by a belligerent using the rights of war; esp., property captured at sea in virtue of the rights of war, as a vessel. \ (n.) An honor or reward striven for in a competitive contest; anything offered to be competed for, or as an inducement to, or reward of, effort. \ (n.) That which may be won by chance, as in a lottery. \ (n.) Anything worth striving for; a valuable possession held or in prospect. \ (n.) A contest for a reward; competition. \ (n.) A lever; a pry; also, the hold of a lever. \ (v. t.) To move with a lever; to force up or open; to pry. \ (v. t.) To set or estimate the value of; to appraise; to price; to rate. \ (v. t.) To value highly; to estimate to be of great worth; to esteem. \ (n.) Estimation; valuation.
insert apron (n.) An article of dress, of cloth, leather, or other stuff, worn on the fore part of the body, to keep the clothes clean, to defend them from injury, or as a covering. It is commonly tied at the waist by strings. \ (n.) Something which by its shape or use suggests an apron; \ (n.) The fat skin covering the belly of a goose or duck. \ (n.) A piece of leather, or other material, to be spread before a person riding on an outside seat of a vehicle, to defend him from the rain, snow, or dust; a boot. \ (n.) A leaden plate that covers the vent of a cannon. \ (n.) A piece of carved timber, just above the foremost end of the keel. \ (n.) A platform, or flooring of plank, at the entrance of a dock, against which the dock gates are shut. \ (n.) A flooring of plank before a dam to cause the water to make a gradual descent. \ (n.) The piece that holds the cutting tool of a planer. \ (n.) A strip of lead which leads the drip of a wall into a gutter; a flashing. \ (n.) The infolded abdomen of a crab.
insert point v. to aim one's finger toward; to aim; n. the sharp end of something \ (v. t. & i.) To appoint. \ (n.) That which pricks or pierces; the sharp end of anything, esp. the sharp end of a piercing instrument, as a needle or a pin. \ (n.) An instrument which pricks or pierces, as a sort of needle used by engravers, etchers, lace workers, and others; also, a pointed cutting tool, as a stone cutter's point; -- called also pointer. \ (n.) Anything which tapers to a sharp, well-defined termination. Specifically: A small promontory or cape; a tract of land extending into the water beyond the common shore line. \ (n.) The mark made by the end of a sharp, piercing instrument, as a needle; a prick. \ (n.) An indefinitely small space; a mere spot indicated or supposed. Specifically: (Geom.) That which has neither parts nor magnitude; that which has position, but has neither length, breadth, nor thickness, -- sometimes conceived of as the limit of a line; that by the motion of which a line is conceived to be produced. \ (n.) An indivisible portion of time; a moment; an instant; hence, the verge. \ (n.) A mark of punctuation; a character used to mark the divisions of a composition, or the pauses to be observed in reading, or to point off groups of figures, etc.; a stop, as a comma, a semicolon, and esp. a period, figuratively, an end, or conclusion. \ (n.) Whatever serves to mark progress, rank, or relative position, or to indicate a transition from one state or position to another, degree; step; stage, position or condition attained; as, a point of elevation, or of depression; the stock fell off five points; he won by tenpoints. \ (n.) That which arrests attention, or indicates qualities or character; a salient feature; a characteristic; a peculiarity, a particular; an item; a detail, the good or bad points of a man, a horse, a book, a story, etc. \ (n.) Hence, the most prominent or important feature, as of an argument, discourse; the essential matter; esp., the proposition to be established, the point of an anecdote. \ (n.) A small matter; a trifle; a least consideration; a punctilio. \ (n.) A dot or mark used to designate certain tones or time \ (n.) A dot or mark distinguishing or characterizing certain tones or styles, points of perfection, of augmentation, a note; a tune. \ (n.) A dot placed at the right hand of a note, to raise its value, or prolong its time, by one half, as to make a whole note equal to three half notes, a half note equal to three quarter notes. \ (n.) A fixed conventional place for reference, or zero of reckoning, in the heavens, usually the intersection of two or more great circles of the sphere, and named specifically in each case according to the position intended, the equinoctial points; the solstitial points; the nodal points; vertical points, etc. See Equinoctial Nodal. \ (n.) One of the several different parts of the escutcheon. See Escutcheon. \ (n.) A short piece of cordage used in reefing sails. See Reef point, under Reef. \ (n.) A switch.
insert necklace (n.) A string of beads, etc., or any continuous band or chain, worn around the neck as an ornament. \ (n.) A rope or chain fitted around the masthead to hold hanging blocks for jibs and stays.
insert jacket (n.) A short upper garment, extending downward to the hips; a short coat without skirts. \ (n.) An outer covering for anything, esp. a covering of some nonconducting material such as wood or felt, used to prevent radiation of heat, as from a steam boiler, cylinder, pipe, etc. \ (n.) In ordnance, a strengthening band surrounding and reenforcing the tube in which the charge is fired. \ (n.) A garment resembling a waistcoat lined with cork, to serve as a life preserver; -- called also cork jacket. \ (v. t.) To put a jacket on; to furnish, as a boiler, with a jacket. \ (v. t.) To thrash; to beat.
insert research n. a careful study to discover correct information \ (n.) Diligent inquiry or examination in seeking facts or principles; laborious or continued search after truth; as, researches of human wisdom. \ (v. t.) To search or examine with continued care; to seek diligently.
insert hawk (n.) One of numerous species and genera of rapacious birds of the family Falconidae. They differ from the true falcons in lacking the prominent tooth and notch of the bill, and in having shorter and less pointed wings. Many are of large size and grade into the eagles. Some, as the goshawk, were formerly trained like falcons. In a more general sense the word is not infrequently applied, also, to true falcons, as the sparrow hawk, pigeon hawk, duck hawk, and prairie hawk. \ (v. i.) To catch, or attempt to catch, birds by means of hawks trained for the purpose, and let loose on the prey; to practice falconry. \ (v. i.) To make an attack while on the wing; to soar and strike like a hawk; -- generally with at; as, to hawk at flies. \ (v. i.) To clear the throat with an audible sound by forcing an expiratory current of air through the narrow passage between the depressed soft palate and the root of the tongue, thus aiding in the removal of foreign substances. \ (v. t.) To raise by hawking, as phlegm. \ (n.) An effort to force up phlegm from the throat, accompanied with noise. \ (v. t.) To offer for sale by outcry in the street; to carry (merchandise) about from place to place for sale; to peddle, to hawk goods or pamphlets. \ (n.) A small board, with a handle on the under side, to hold mortar.
insert wish v. to want; to express a desire for \ (v. t.) To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker. \ (v. t.) To desire; to long for; to hanker after; to have a mind or disposition toward. \ (v. t.) To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of, or against, any one; to attribute, or cal down, in desire; to invoke; to imprecate. \ (v. t.) To recommend; to seek confidence or favor in behalf of. \ (n.) Desire; eager desire; longing. \ (n.) Expression of desire; request; petition; hence, invocation or imprecation. \ (n.) A thing desired; an object of desire.
insert violence n. the use of force to cause injury, death or damage \ (n.) The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action, whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force. \ (n.) Injury done to that which is entitled to respect, reverence, or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault. \ (n.) Ravishment; rape; constupration. \ (v. t.) To assault; to injure; also, to bring by violence; to compel.
insert chapel (n.) A subordinate place of worship \ (n.) a small church, often a private foundation, as for a memorial \ (n.) a small building attached to a church \ (n.) a room or recess in a church, containing an altar. \ (n.) A place of worship not connected with a church; as, the chapel of a palace, hospital, or prison. \ (n.) In England, a place of worship used by dissenters from the Established Church; a meetinghouse. \ (n.) A choir of singers, or an orchestra, attached to the court of a prince or nobleman. \ (n.) A printing office, said to be so called because printing was first carried on in England in a chapel near Westminster Abbey. \ (n.) An association of workmen in a printing office. \ (v. t.) To deposit or inter in a chapel; to enshrine. \ (v. t.) To cause (a ship taken aback in a light breeze) so to turn or make a circuit as to recover, without bracing the yards, the same tack on which she had been sailing.
insert August (a.) Of a quality inspiring mingled admiration and reverence; having an aspect of solemn dignity or grandeur; sublime; majestic; having exalted birth, character, state, or authority. \ (a.) The eighth month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
insert pale (v. i.) Wanting in color; not ruddy; dusky white; pallid; wan; as, a pale face; a pale red; a pale blue. \ (v. i.) Not bright or brilliant; of a faint luster or hue; dim, the pale light of the moon. \ (n.) Paleness; pallor. \ (v. i.) To turn pale; to lose color or luster. \ (v. t.) To make pale; to diminish the brightness of. \ (n.) A pointed stake or slat, either driven into the ground, or fastened to a rail at the top and bottom, for fencing or inclosing; a picket. \ (n.) That which incloses or fences in; a boundary; a limit; a fence; a palisade. \ (n.) A space or field having bounds or limits; a limited region or place; an inclosure; -- often used figuratively. \ (n.) A stripe or band, as on a garment. \ (n.) One of the greater ordinaries, being a broad perpendicular stripe in an escutcheon, equally distant from the two edges, and occupying one third of it. \ (n.) A cheese scoop. \ (n.) A shore for bracing a timber before it is fastened. \ (v. t.) To inclose with pales, or as with pales; to encircle; to encompass; to fence off.
insert intelligent ad. quick to understand or learn \ (a.) Endowed with the faculty of understanding or reason; as, man is an intelligent being. \ (a.) Possessed of intelligence, education, or judgment; knowing; sensible; skilled; marked by intelligence, an intelligent young man; an intelligent architect; an intelligent answer. \ (a.) Gognizant; aware; communicate.
insert silk (n.) The fine, soft thread produced by various species of caterpillars in forming the cocoons within which the worm is inclosed during the pupa state, especially that produced by the larvae of Bombyx mori. \ (n.) Hence, thread spun, or cloth woven, from the above-named material. \ (n.) That which resembles silk, as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize.
insert musical (a.) Of or pertaining to music; having the qualities of music; or the power of producing music; devoted to music; melodious; harmonious; as, musical proportion; a musical voice; musical instruments; a musical sentence; musical persons. \ (n.) Music. \ (n.) A social entertainment of which music is the leading feature; a musical party.
insert passion (n.) A suffering or enduring of imposed or inflicted pain; any suffering or distress (as, a cardiac passion); specifically, the suffering of Christ between the time of the last supper and his death, esp. in the garden upon the cross. \ (n.) The state of being acted upon; subjection to an external agent or influence; a passive condition; -- opposed to action. \ (n.) Capacity of being affected by external agents; susceptibility of impressions from external agents. \ (n.) The state of the mind when it is powerfully acted upon and influenced by something external to itself; the state of any particular faculty which, under such conditions, becomes extremely sensitive or uncontrollably excited; any emotion or sentiment (specifically, love or anger) in a state of abnormal or controlling activity; an extreme or inordinate desire; also, the capacity or susceptibility of being so affected; as, to be in a passion; the passions of love, hate, jealously, wrath, ambition, avarice, fear, etc.; a passion for war, or for drink; an orator should have passion as well as rhetorical skill. \ (n.) Disorder of the mind; madness. \ (n.) Passion week. See Passion week, below. \ (v. t.) To give a passionate character to. \ (v. i.) To suffer pain or sorrow; to experience a passion; to be extremely agitated.
insert cruel (n.) See Crewel. \ (a.) Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt, torment, or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless. \ (a.) Causing, or fitted to cause, pain, grief, or misery. \ (a.) Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
insert jaw (n.) One of the bones, usually bearing teeth, which form the framework of the mouth. \ (n.) Hence, also, the bone itself with the teeth and covering. \ (n.) In the plural, the mouth. \ (n.) Fig.: Anything resembling the jaw of an animal in form or action; esp., pl., the mouth or way of entrance; as, the jaws of a pass; the jaws of darkness; the jaws of death. \ (n.) A notch or opening. \ (n.) A notched or forked part, adapted for holding an object in place, the jaw of a railway-car pedestal. See Axle guard. \ (n.) One of a pair of opposing parts which are movable towards or from each other, for grasping or crushing anything between them, the jaws of a vise, or the jaws of a stone-crushing machine. \ (n.) The inner end of a boom or gaff, hollowed in a half circle so as to move freely on a mast. \ (n.) Impudent or abusive talk. \ (v. i.) To scold; to clamor. \ (v. t.) To assail or abuse by scolding.
insert soil n. earth in which plants grow \ (v. t.) To feed, as cattle or horses, in the barn or an inclosure, with fresh grass or green food cut for them, instead of sending them out to pasture; hence (such food having the effect of purging them), to purge by feeding on green food; as, to soil a horse. \ (n.) The upper stratum of the earth; the mold, or that compound substance which furnishes nutriment to plants, or which is particularly adapted to support and nourish them. \ (n.) Land; country. \ (n.) Dung; faeces; compost; manure, night soil. \ (v. t.) To enrich with soil or muck; to manure. \ (n.) A marshy or miry place to which a hunted boar resorts for refuge; hence, a wet place, stream, or tract of water, sought for by other game, as deer. \ (n.) To make dirty or unclean on the surface; to foul; to dirty; to defile, to soil a garment with dust. \ (n.) To stain or mar, as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully. \ (v. i.) To become soiled, light colors soil sooner than dark ones. \ (n.) That which soils or pollutes; a soiled place; spot; stain.
insert forever (adv.) Through eternity; through endless ages, eternally. \ (adv.) At all times; always.
insert sweep (v. i.) To pass a broom across (a surface) so as to remove loose dirt, dust, etc.; to brush, or rub over, with a broom for the purpose of cleaning; as, to sweep a floor, the street, or a chimney. Used also figuratively. \ (v. i.) To drive or carry along or off with a broom or a brush, or as if with a broom; to remove by, or as if by, brushing, to sweep dirt from a floor; the wind sweeps the snow from the hills; a freshet sweeps away a dam, timber, or rubbish; a pestilence sweeps off multitudes. \ (v. i.) To brush against or over; to rub lightly along. \ (v. i.) To carry with a long, swinging, or dragging motion; hence, to carry in a stately or proud fashion. \ (v. i.) To strike with a long stroke. \ (v. i.) To draw or drag something over, to sweep the bottom of a river with a net. \ (v. i.) To pass over, or traverse, with the eye or with an instrument of observation, to sweep the heavens with a telescope. \ (v. i.) To clean rooms, yards, or to clear away dust, dirt, litter, with a broom, brush, or the like. \ (v. i.) To brush swiftly over the surface of anything; to pass with switness and force, as if brushing the surface of anything; to move in a stately manner, the wind sweeps across the plain; a woman sweeps through a drawing-room. \ (v. i.) To pass over anything comprehensively; to range through with rapidity, his eye sweeps through space. \ (n.) The act of sweeping. \ (n.) The compass or range of a stroke, a long sweep. \ (n.) The compass of any turning body or of any motion, the sweep of a door; the sweep of the eye. \ (n.) The compass of anything flowing or brushing, the flood carried away everything within its sweep. \ (n.) Violent and general destruction, the sweep of an epidemic disease. \ (n.) Direction and extent of any motion not rectlinear, the sweep of a compass. \ (n.) Direction or departure of a curve, a road, an arch, or the like, away from a rectlinear line. \ (n.) One who sweeps; a sweeper; specifically, a chimney sweeper. \ (n.) A movable templet for making molds, in loam molding. \ (n.) The mold of a ship when she begins to curve in at the rungheads; any part of a ship shaped in a segment of a circle. \ (n.) A large oar used in small vessels, partly to propel them and partly to steer them. \ (n.) The almond furnace. \ (n.) A long pole, or piece of timber, moved on a horizontal fulcrum fixed to a tall post and used to raise and lower a bucket in a well for drawing water. \ (n.) In the game of casino, a pairing or combining of all the cards on the board, and so removing them all; in whist, the winning of all the tricks (thirteen) in a hand; a slam. \ (n.) The sweeping of workshops where precious metals are worked, containing filings
insert bunch (n.) A protuberance; a hunch; a knob or lump; a hump. \ (n.) A collection, cluster, or tuft, properly of things of the same kind, growing or fastened together; as, a bunch of grapes; a bunch of keys. \ (n.) A small isolated mass of ore, as distinguished from a continuous vein. \ (v. i.) To swell out into a bunch or protuberance; to be protuberant or round. \ (v. t.) To form into a bunch or bunches.
insert thirty (a.) Being three times ten; consisting of one more than twenty-nine; twenty and ten; as, the month of June consists of thirty days. \ (n.) The sum of three tens, or twenty and ten; thirty units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol expressing thirty, as 30, or XXX.
insert test v. to attempt to learn or prove what something is like or how it will act by studying or doing ("The scientists will test the new engine soon."); n. an attempt to learn or prove what something is like or how it will act by studying or doing ("The test of the new engine takes place today."); a group of questions or problems used to find out a person's knowledge ("The students did well on the language test.") \ (n.) A cupel or cupelling hearth in which precious metals are melted for trial and refinement. \ (n.) Examination or trial by the cupel; hence, any critical examination or decisive trial; as, to put a man's assertions to a test. \ (n.) Means of trial, absence is a test of love. \ (n.) That with which anything is compared for proof of its genuineness; a touchstone; a standard. \ (n.) Discriminative characteristic; standard of judgment; ground of admission or exclusion. \ (n.) Judgment; distinction; discrimination. \ (n.) A reaction employed to recognize or distinguish any particular substance or constituent of a compound, as the production of some characteristic precipitate; also, the reagent employed to produce such reaction; thus, the ordinary test for sulphuric acid is the production of a white insoluble precipitate of barium sulphate by means of some soluble barium salt. \ (v. t.) To refine, as gold or silver, in a test, or cupel; to subject to cupellation. \ (v. t.) To put to the proof; to prove the truth, genuineness, or quality of by experiment, or by some principle or standard; to try, to test the soundness of a principle; to test the validity of an argument. \ (v. t.) To examine or try, as by the use of some reagent, to test a solution by litmus paper. \ (n.) A witness. \ (v. i.) To make a testament, or will. \ (n.) Alt. of Testa
insert tape (n.) A narrow fillet or band of cotton or linen; a narrow woven fabric used for strings and the like; as, curtains tied with tape. \ (n.) A tapeline; also, a metallic ribbon so marked as to serve as a tapeline, a steel tape. \ (v. t.) To furnish with tape; to fasten, tie, bind, or the like, with tape; \ (v. t.) to cover (a wire) with insulating tape. \ (v. t.) to record on audio tape or video tape; -- either directly, at the scene of the action tape, or indirectly, as from a broadcast of the action.
insert missing ad. lost; not found \ (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Miss \ (v. i.) Absent from the place where it was expected to be found; lost; wanting; not present when called or looked for.
insert mild (superl.) Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence, moderate in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh, severe, irritating, violent, disagreeable, etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as, a mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild insanity.
insert trade v. to buy and sell or exchange products or services; n. the activity of buying, selling or exchanging products or services \ (v.) A track; a trail; a way; a path; also, passage; travel; resort. \ (v.) Course; custom; practice; occupation; employment. \ (v.) Business of any kind; matter of mutual consideration; affair; dealing. \ (v.) Specifically: The act or business of exchanging commodities by barter, or by buying and selling for money; commerce; traffic; barter. \ (v.) The business which a person has learned, and which he engages in, for procuring subsistence, or for profit; especially, mechanical employment as distinguished from the liberal arts, the learned professions, and agriculture; as, we speak of the trade of a smith, of a carpenter, or mason, but not now of the trade of a farmer, or a lawyer, or a physician. \ (v.) Instruments of any occupation. \ (v.) A company of men engaged in the same occupation; thus, booksellers and publishers speak of the customs of the trade, and are collectively designated as the trade. \ (v.) The trade winds. \ (v.) Refuse or rubbish from a mine. \ (v. i.) To barter, or to buy and sell; to be engaged in the exchange, purchase, or sale of goods, wares, merchandise, or anything else; to traffic; to bargain; to carry on commerce as a business. \ (v. i.) To buy and sell or exchange property in a single instance. \ (v. i.) To have dealings; to be concerned or associated; -- usually followed by with. \ (v. t.) To sell or exchange in commerce; to barter. \ imp. of Tread.
insert flour (n.) The finely ground meal of wheat, or of any other grain; especially, the finer part of meal separated by bolting; hence, the fine and soft powder of any substance; as, flour of emery; flour of mustard. \ (v. t.) To grind and bolt; to convert into flour, to flour wheat. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with flour.
insert minor ad. small in size; of little importance \ (a.) Inferior in bulk, degree, importance, etc.; less; smaller; of little account; as, minor divisions of a body. \ (a.) Less by a semitone in interval or difference of pitch, a minor third. \ (n.) A person of either sex who has not attained the age at which full civil rights are accorded; an infant; in England and the United States, one under twenty-one years of age. \ (n.) The minor term, that is, the subject of the conclusion; also, the minor premise, that premise which contains the minor term; in hypothetical syllogisms, the categorical premise. It is the second proposition of a regular syllogism, as in the following: Every act of injustice partakes of meanness; to take money from another by gaming is an act of injustice; therefore, the taking of money from another by gaming partakes of meanness. \ (n.) A Minorite; a Franciscan friar.
insert reaction (n.) Any action in resisting other action or force; counter tendency; movement in a contrary direction; reverse action. \ (n.) The mutual or reciprocal action of chemical agents upon each other, or the action upon such chemical agents of some form of energy, as heat, light, or electricity, resulting in a chemical change in one or more of these agents, with the production of new compounds or the manifestation of distinctive characters. See Blowpipe reaction, Flame reaction, under Blowpipe, and Flame. \ (n.) An action induced by vital resistance to some other action; depression or exhaustion of vital force consequent on overexertion or overstimulation; heightened activity and overaction succeeding depression or shock. \ (n.) The force which a body subjected to the action of a force from another body exerts upon the latter body in the opposite direction. \ (n.) Backward tendency or movement after revolution, reform, or great progress in any direction. \ (n.) A regular or characteristic response to a stimulation of the nerves. \ A test for typhoid fever based on the fact that blood serum of one affected, in a bouillon culture of typhoid bacilli, causes the bacilli to agglutinate and lose their motility.
insert runner (n.) One who, or that which, runs; a racer. \ (n.) A detective. \ (n.) A messenger. \ (n.) A smuggler. \ (n.) One employed to solicit patronage, as for a steamboat, hotel, shop, etc. \ (n.) A slender trailing branch which takes root at the joints or end and there forms new plants, as in the strawberry and the common cinquefoil. \ (n.) The rotating stone of a set of millstones. \ (n.) A rope rove through a block and used to increase the mechanical power of a tackle. \ (n.) One of the pieces on which a sled or sleigh slides; also the part or blade of a skate which slides on the ice. \ (n.) A horizontal channel in a mold, through which the metal flows to the cavity formed by the pattern; also, the waste metal left in such a channel. \ (n.) A trough or channel for leading molten metal from a furnace to a ladle, mold, or pig bed. \ (n.) The movable piece to which the ribs of an umbrella are attached. \ (n.) A food fish (Elagatis pinnulatus) of Florida and the West Indies; -- called also skipjack, shoemaker, and yellowtail. The name alludes to its rapid successive leaps from the water. \ (n.) Any cursorial bird. \ (n.) A movable slab or rubber used in grinding or polishing a surface of stone. \ (n.) A tool on which lenses are fastened in a group, for polishing or grinding. \ One that starts from the scratch; hence, one of first-rate ability.
insert will v. a word used with action words to show future action ("They will hold talks tomorrow.") \ (v.) The power of choosing; the faculty or endowment of the soul by which it is capable of choosing; the faculty or power of the mind by which we decide to do or not to do; the power or faculty of preferring or selecting one of two or more objects. \ (v.) The choice which is made; a determination or preference which results from the act or exercise of the power of choice; a volition. \ (v.) The choice or determination of one who has authority; a decree; a command; discretionary pleasure. \ (v.) Strong wish or inclination; desire; purpose. \ (v.) That which is strongly wished or desired. \ (v.) Arbitrary disposal; power to control, dispose, or determine. \ (v.) The legal declaration of a person's mind as to the manner in which he would have his property or estate disposed of after his death; the written instrument, legally executed, by which a man makes disposition of his estate, to take effect after his death; testament; devise. See the Note under Testament, 1. \ (adv.) To wish; to desire; to incline to have. \ (adv.) As an auxiliary, will is used to denote futurity dependent on the verb. Thus, in first person, "I will" denotes willingness, consent, promise; and when "will" is emphasized, it denotes determination or fixed purpose; as, I will go if you wish; I will go at all hazards. In the second and third persons, the idea of distinct volition, wish, or purpose is evanescent, and simple certainty is appropriately expressed, "You will go," or "He will go," describes a future event as a fact only. To emphasize will denotes (according to the tone or context) certain futurity or fixed determination. \ (v. i.) To be willing; to be inclined or disposed; to be pleased; to wish; to desire. \ (n.) To form a distinct volition of; to determine by an act of choice; to ordain; to decree. \ (n.) To enjoin or command, as that which is determined by an act of volition; to direct; to order. \ (n.) To give or direct the disposal of by testament; to bequeath; to devise, to will one's estate to a child; also, to order or direct by testament, he willed that his nephew should have his watch. \ (v. i.) To exercise an act of volition; to choose; to decide; to determine; to decree.
insert sum (n.) The aggregate of two or more numbers, magnitudes, quantities, or particulars; the amount or whole of any number of individuals or particulars added together; as, the sum of 5 and 7 is 12. \ (n.) A quantity of money or currency; any amount, indefinitely, a sum of money; a small sum, or a large sum. \ (n.) The principal points or thoughts when viewed together; the amount; the substance; compendium, this is the sum of all the evidence in the case; this is the sum and substance of his objections. \ (n.) Height; completion; utmost degree. \ (n.) A problem to be solved, or an example to be wrought out. \ (v. t.) To bring together into one whole; to collect into one amount; to cast up, as a column of figures; to ascertain the totality of; -- usually with up. \ (v. t.) To bring or collect into a small compass; to comprise in a few words; to condense; -- usually with up. \ (v. t.) To have (the feathers) full grown; to furnish with complete, or full-grown, plumage.
insert let v. to permit to do or to be; to make possible \ (v. t.) To retard; to hinder; to impede; to oppose. \ (n.) A retarding; hindrance; obstacle; impediment; delay; -- common in the phrase without let or hindrance, but elsewhere archaic. \ (n.) A stroke in which a ball touches the top of the net in passing over. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Let \ (v. t.) To leave; to relinquish; to abandon. \ (v. t.) To consider; to think; to esteem. \ (v. t.) To cause; to make; -- used with the infinitive in the active form but in the passive sense; as, let make, i. e., cause to be made; let bring, cause to be brought. \ (v. t.) To permit; to allow; to suffer; -- either affirmatively, by positive act, or negatively, by neglecting to restrain or prevent. \ (v. t.) To allow to be used or occupied for a compensation; to lease; to rent; to hire out; -- often with out, to let a farm; to let a house; to let out horses. \ (v. t.) To give, grant, or assign, as a work, privilege, or contract, to let the building of a bridge; to let out the lathing and the plastering. \ (v. i.) To forbear. \ (v. i.) To be let or leased, the farm lets for $500 a year. See note under Let, v. t.
insert just ad. only ("Help me for just a minute."); very shortly before or after the present ("He just left."); at the same time ("He left just as I came in."); what is right or fair ("The law is just, in my opinion.") \ (a.) Conforming or conformable to rectitude or justice; not doing wrong to any; violating no right or obligation; upright; righteous; honest; true; -- said both of persons and things. \ (a.) Not transgressing the requirement of truth and propriety; conformed to the truth of things, to reason, or to a proper standard; exact; normal; reasonable; regular; due; as, a just statement; a just inference. \ (a.) Rendering or disposed to render to each one his due; equitable; fair; impartial, just judge. \ (adv.) Precisely; exactly; -- in place, time, or degree; neither more nor less than is stated. \ (adv.) Closely; nearly; almost. \ (adv.) Barely; merely; scarcely; only; by a very small space or time, he just missed the train; just too late. \ (v. i.) To joust. \ (n.) A joust.
insert hungry (superl.) Feeling hunger; having a keen appetite; feeling uneasiness or distress from want of food; hence, having an eager desire. \ (superl.) Showing hunger or a craving desire; voracious. \ (superl.) Not rich or fertile; poor; barren; starved; as, a hungry soil.
insert knife n. a tool or weapon used to cut \ (n.) An instrument consisting of a thin blade, usually of steel and having a sharp edge for cutting, fastened to a handle, but of many different forms and names for different uses; as, table knife, drawing knife, putty knife, pallet knife, pocketknife, penknife, chopping knife, etc.. \ (n.) A sword or dagger. \ (v. t.) To prune with the knife. \ (v. t.) To cut or stab with a knife. \ (v. t.) Fig.: To stab in the back; to try to defeat by underhand means, esp. in politics; to vote or work secretly against (a candidate of one's own party).
insert honey (n.) A sweet viscid fluid, esp. that collected by bees from flowers of plants, and deposited in the cells of the honeycomb. \ (n.) That which is sweet or pleasant, like honey. \ (n.) Sweet one; -- a term of endearment. \ (v. i.) To be gentle, agreeable, or coaxing; to talk fondly; to use endearments; also, to be or become obsequiously courteous or complimentary; to fawn. \ (v. t.) To make agreeable; to cover or sweeten with, or as with, honey.
insert house n. a building in which people live; a country's parliament or lawmaking group ("House of Representatives") \ (n.) A structure intended or used as a habitation or shelter for animals of any kind; but especially, a building or edifice for the habitation of man; a dwelling place, a mansion. \ (n.) Household affairs; domestic concerns; particularly in the phrase to keep house. See below. \ (n.) Those who dwell in the same house; a household. \ (n.) A family of ancestors, descendants, and kindred; a race of persons from the same stock; a tribe; especially, a noble family or an illustrious race; as, the house of Austria; the house of Hanover; the house of Israel. \ (n.) One of the estates of a kingdom or other government assembled in parliament or legislature; a body of men united in a legislative capacity, the House of Lords; the House of Commons; the House of Representatives; also, a quorum of such a body. See Congress, and Parliament. \ (n.) A firm, or commercial establishment. \ (n.) A public house; an inn; a hotel. \ (n.) A twelfth part of the heavens, as divided by six circles intersecting at the north and south points of the horizon, used by astrologers in noting the positions of the heavenly bodies, and casting horoscopes or nativities. The houses were regarded as fixed in respect to the horizon, and numbered from the one at the eastern horizon, called the ascendant, first house, or house of life, downward, or in the direction of the earth's revolution, the stars and planets passing through them in the reverse order every twenty-four hours. \ (n.) A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece. \ (n.) An audience; an assembly of hearers, as at a lecture, a theater, etc., a thin or a full house. \ (n.) The body, as the habitation of the soul. \ (n.) The grave. \ (v. t.) To take or put into a house; to shelter under a roof; to cover from the inclemencies of the weather; to protect by covering, to house one's family in a comfortable home; to house farming utensils; to house cattle. \ (v. t.) To drive to a shelter. \ (v. t.) To admit to residence; to harbor. \ (v. t.) To deposit and cover, as in the grave. \ (v. t.) To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe, to house the upper spars. \ (v. i.) To take shelter or lodging; to abide to dwell; to lodge. \ (v. i.) To have a position in one of the houses. See House, n., 8.
insert hers (pron.) See the Note under Her, pron.
insert exactly (adv.) In an exact manner; precisely according to a rule, standard, or fact; accurately; strictly; correctly; nicely.
insert assistance (n.) The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support. \ (n.) An assistant or helper; a body of helpers. \ (n.) Persons present.
insert influence v. to have an effect on someone or something; to cause change \ (n.) A flowing in or upon; influx. \ (n.) Hence, in general, the bringing about of an effect, phusical or moral, by a gradual process; controlling power quietly exerted; agency, force, or tendency of any kind which the sun exerts on animal and vegetable life; the influence of education on the mind; the influence, according to astrologers,of the stars over affairs. \ (n.) Power or authority arising from elevated station, excelence of character or intellect, wealth, etc.; reputation; acknowledged ascendency; as, he is a man of influence in the community. \ (n.) Induction. \ (v. t.) To control or move by power, physical or moral; to affect by gentle action; to exert an influence upon; to modify, bias, or sway; to move; to persuade; to induce.
insert exception (n.) The act of excepting or excluding; exclusion; restriction by taking out something which would otherwise be included, as in a class, statement, rule. \ (n.) That which is excepted or taken out from others; a person, thing, or case, specified as distinct, or not included; as, almost every general rule has its exceptions. \ (n.) An objection, oral or written, taken, in the course of an action, as to bail or security; or as to the decision of a judge, in the course of a trail, or in his charge to a jury; or as to lapse of time, or scandal, impertinence, or insufficiency in a pleading; also, as in conveyancing, a clause by which the grantor excepts something before granted. \ (n.) An objection; cavil; dissent; disapprobation; offense; cause of offense; -- usually followed by to or against.
insert get v. to receive; to gain; to go and bring back; to become; to become the owner of \ (n.) Jet, the mineral. \ (n.) Fashion; manner; custom. \ (n.) Artifice; contrivance. \ (v. t.) To procure; to obtain; to gain possession of; to acquire; to earn; to obtain as a price or reward; to come by; to win, by almost any means; as, to get favor by kindness; to get wealth by industry and economy; to get land by purchase, etc. \ (v. t.) Hence, with have and had, to come into or be in possession of; to have. \ (v. t.) To beget; to procreate; to generate. \ (v. t.) To obtain mental possession of; to learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; as to get a lesson; also with out, to get out one's Greek lesson. \ (v. t.) To prevail on; to induce; to persuade. \ (v. t.) To procure to be, or to cause to be in any state or condition; -- with a following participle. \ (v. t.) To betake; to remove; -- in a reflexive use. \ (v. i.) To make acquisition; to profit; to receive accessions; to be increased. \ (v. i.) To arrive at, or bring one's self into, a state, condition, or position; to come to be; -- with a following adjective or past participle belonging to the subject of the verb, to get sober; to get awake; to get beaten; to get elected. \ (n.) Offspring; progeny, the get of a stallion.
insert art n. expressions or creations by humans, such as paintings, music, writing or statues \ The second person singular, indicative mode, present tense, of the substantive verb Be; but formed after the analogy of the plural are, with the ending -t, as in thou shalt, wilt, orig. an ending of the second person sing. pret. Cf. Be. Now used only in solemn or poetical style. \ (n.) The employment of means to accomplish some desired end; the adaptation of things in the natural world to the uses of life; the application of knowledge or power to practical purposes. \ (n.) A system of rules serving to facilitate the performance of certain actions; a system of principles and rules for attaining a desired end; method of doing well some special work; -- often contradistinguished from science or speculative principles; as, the art of building or engraving; the art of war; the art of navigation. \ (n.) The systematic application of knowledge or skill in effecting a desired result. Also, an occupation or business requiring such knowledge or skill. \ (n.) The application of skill to the production of the beautiful by imitation or design, or an occupation in which skill is so employed, as in painting and sculpture; one of the fine arts, he prefers art to literature. \ (n.) Those branches of learning which are taught in the academical course of colleges, master of arts. \ (n.) Learning; study; applied knowledge, science, or letters. \ (n.) Skill, dexterity, or the power of performing certain actions, acquired by experience, or observation; knack, a man has the art of managing his business to advantage. \ (n.) Skillful plan; device. \ (n.) Cunning; artifice; craft. \ (n.) The black art; magic.
insert waiting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Wait \ a. & n. from Wait, v.
insert noon n. the middle of the day; twelve o'clock in the daytime \ (a.) No. See the Note under No. \ (n.) The middle of the day; midday; the time when the sun is in the meridian; twelve o'clock in the daytime. \ (n.) Hence, the highest point; culmination. \ (a.) Belonging to midday; occurring at midday; meridional. \ (v. i.) To take rest and refreshment at noon.
insert afford (v. t.) To give forth; to supply, yield, or produce as the natural result, fruit, or issue; as, grapes afford wine; olives afford oil; the earth affords fruit; the sea affords an abundant supply of fish. \ (v. t.) To give, grant, or confer, with a remoter reference to its being the natural result; to provide; to furnish, a good life affords consolation in old age. \ (v. t.) To offer, provide, or supply, as in selling, granting, expending, with profit, or without loss or too great injury, A affords his goods cheaper than B; a man can afford a sum yearly in charity. \ (v. t.) To incur, stand, or bear without serious detriment, as an act which might under other circumstances be injurious; -- with an auxiliary, as can, could, might, etc.; to be able or rich enough.
insert wax (v. i.) To increase in size; to grow bigger; to become larger or fuller; -- opposed to wane. \ (v. i.) To pass from one state to another; to become; to grow; as, to wax strong; to wax warmer or colder; to wax feeble; to wax old; to wax worse and worse. \ (n.) A fatty, solid substance, produced by bees, and employed by them in the construction of their comb; -- usually called beeswax. It is first excreted, from a row of pouches along their sides, in the form of scales, which, being masticated and mixed with saliva, become whitened and tenacious. Its natural color is pale or dull yellow. \ (n.) Hence, any substance resembling beeswax in consistency or appearance. \ (n.) Cerumen, or earwax. \ (n.) A waxlike composition used for uniting surfaces, for excluding air, and for other purposes, sealing wax, grafting wax, etching wax, etc. \ (n.) A waxlike composition used by shoemakers for rubbing their thread. \ (n.) A substance similar to beeswax, secreted by several species of scale insects, as the Chinese wax. See Wax insect, below. \ (n.) A waxlike product secreted by certain plants. See Vegetable wax, under Vegetable. \ (n.) A substance, somewhat resembling wax, found in connection with certain deposits of rock salt and coal; -- called also mineral wax, and ozocerite. \ (n.) Thick sirup made by boiling down the sap of the sugar maple, and then cooling. \ (v. t.) To smear or rub with wax; to treat with wax, to wax a thread or a table.
insert head v. to lead; to command; n. leader; chief; the top part of something; the highest position \ (n.) The anterior or superior part of an animal, containing the brain, or chief ganglia of the nervous system, the mouth, and in the higher animals, the chief sensory organs; poll; cephalon. \ (n.) The uppermost, foremost, or most important part of an inanimate object; such a part as may be considered to resemble the head of an animal; often, also, the larger, thicker, or heavier part or extremity, in distinction from the smaller or thinner part, or from the point or edge; as, the head of a cane, a nail, a spear, an ax, a mast, a sail, a ship; that which covers and closes the top or the end of a hollow vessel, the head of a cask or a steam boiler. \ (n.) The place where the head should go, the head of a bed, of a grave, etc.; the head of a carriage, that is, the hood which covers the head. \ (n.) The most prominent or important member of any organized body; the chief; the leader, the head of a college, a school, a church, a state, and the like. \ (n.) The place or honor, or of command; the most important or foremost position; the front, the head of the table; the head of a column of soldiers. \ (n.) Each one among many; an individual; -- often used in a plural sense, a thousand head of cattle. \ (n.) The seat of the intellect; the brain; the understanding; the mental faculties, a good head, a good mind; it never entered his head, it did not occur to him; of his own head, of his own thought or will. \ (n.) The source, fountain, spring, or beginning, as of a stream or river, the head of the Nile; hence, the altitude of the source, or the height of the surface, as of water, above a given place, as above an orifice at which it issues, and the pressure resulting from the height or from motion; sometimes also, the quantity in reserve, a mill or reservoir has a good head of water, or ten feet head, that part of a gulf or bay most remote from the outlet or the sea. \ (n.) A headland; a promontory, Gay Head. \ (n.) A separate part, or topic, of a discourse; a theme to be expanded; a subdivision, the heads of a sermon. \ (n.) Culminating point or crisis, strength; force; height. \ (n.) Power; armed force. \ (n.) A headdress; a covering of the head, a laced head; a head of hair. \ (n.) An ear of wheat, barley, or of one of the other small cereals. \ (n.) A dense cluster of flowers, as in clover, daisies, thistles; a capitulum. \ (n.) A dense, compact mass of leaves, as in a cabbage or a lettuce plant. \ (n.) The antlers of a deer. \ (n.) A rounded mass of foam which rises on a pot of beer or other effervescing liquor. \ (n.) Tiles laid at the eaves of a house. \ (a.) Principal; leading; first, the head master of a school; the head man of a tribe; a head chorister; a head cook. \ (v. t.) To be at the head of; to put one's self at the head of; to lead; to direct; to act as leader to, to head an army, an expedition, or a riot. \ (v. t.) To behead; to decapitate.
insert vast (superl.) Waste; desert; desolate; lonely. \ (superl.) Of great extent; very spacious or large; also, huge in bulk; immense; enormous; as, the vast ocean; vast mountains; the vast empire of Russia. \ (superl.) Very great in numbers, quantity, or amount, a vast army; a vast sum of money. \ (superl.) Very great in importance, a subject of vast concern. \ (n.) A waste region; boundless space; immensity.
insert tale (n.) See Tael. \ (v. i.) That which is told; an oral relation or recital; any rehearsal of what has occured; narrative; discourse; statement; history; story. \ (v. i.) A number told or counted off; a reckoning by count; an enumeration; a count, in distinction from measure or weight; a number reckoned or stated. \ (v. i.) A count or declaration. \ (v. i.) To tell stories.
insert read v. to look at and understand the meaning of written words or numbers \ (n.) Rennet. See 3d Reed. \ (imp. & p. p.) of Read \ (v. t.) To advise; to counsel. \ (v. t.) To interpret; to explain; as, to read a riddle. \ (v. t.) To tell; to declare; to recite. \ (v. t.) To go over, as characters or words, and utter aloud, or recite to one's self inaudibly; to take in the sense of, as of language, by interpreting the characters with which it is expressed; to peruse, to read a discourse; to read the letters of an alphabet; to read figures; to read the notes of music, or to read music; to read a book. \ (v. t.) Hence, to know fully; to comprehend. \ (v. t.) To discover or understand by characters, marks, features, etc.; to learn by observation. \ (v. t.) To make a special study of, as by perusing textbooks, to read theology or law. \ (v. i.) To give advice or counsel. \ (v. i.) To tell; to declare. \ (v. i.) To perform the act of reading, or to go over and utter aloud, the words of a book or other like document. \ (v. i.) To study by reading, he read for the bar. \ (v. i.) To learn by reading. \ (v. i.) To appear in writing or print; to be expressed by, or consist of, certain words or characters, the passage reads thus in the early manuscripts. \ (v. i.) To produce a certain effect when read, that sentence reads queerly. \ (v. t.) Saying; sentence; maxim; hence, word; advice; counsel. See Rede. \ (v.) Reading. \ imp. & p. p. of Read, v. t. & i. \ (a.) Instructed or knowing by reading; versed in books; learned.
insert change v. to make different; to become different \ (v. t.) To alter; to make different; to cause to pass from one state to another; as, to change the position, character, or appearance of a thing; to change the countenance. \ (v. t.) To alter by substituting something else for, or by giving up for something else, to change the clothes; to change one's occupation; to change one's intention. \ (v. t.) To give and take reciprocally; to exchange; -- followed by with, to change place, or hats, or money, with another. \ (v. t.) Specifically: To give, or receive, smaller denominations of money (technically called change) for, to change a gold coin or a bank bill. \ (v. i.) To be altered; to undergo variation, men sometimes change for the better. \ (v. i.) To pass from one phase to another, the moon changes to-morrow night. \ (v. t.) Any variation or alteration; a passing from one state or form to another, a change of countenance; a change of habits or principles. \ (v. t.) A succesion or substitution of one thing in the place of another; a difference; novelty; variety, a change of seasons. \ (v. t.) A passing from one phase to another, a change of the moon. \ (v. t.) Alteration in the order of a series; permutation. \ (v. t.) That which makes a variety, or may be substituted for another. \ (v. t.) Small money; the money by means of which the larger coins and bank bills are made available in small dealings; hence, the balance returned when payment is tendered by a coin or note exceeding the sum due. \ (v. t.) A place where merchants and others meet to transact business; a building appropriated for mercantile transactions. \ (v. t.) A public house; an alehouse. \ (v. t.) Any order in which a number of bells are struck, other than that of the diatonic scale.
insert knock (v. i.) To drive or be driven against something; to strike against something; to clash; as, one heavy body knocks against another. \ (v. i.) To strike or beat with something hard or heavy; to rap, to knock with a club; to knock on the door. \ (v. t.) To strike with something hard or heavy; to move by striking; to drive (a thing) against something, to knock a ball with a bat; to knock the head against a post; to knock a lamp off the table. \ (v. t.) To strike for admittance; to rap upon, as a door. \ (n.) A blow; a stroke with something hard or heavy; a jar. \ (n.) A stroke, as on a door for admittance; a rap. \ (v. i.) To practice evil speaking or fault-finding; to criticize habitually or captiously. \ (v. t.) To impress strongly or forcibly; to astonish; to move to admiration or applause.
insert guide v. to lead to; to show the way; n. one who shows the way \ (n.) The leather strap by which the shield of a knight was slung across the shoulder, or across the neck and shoulder. \ (v. t.) To lead or direct in a way; to conduct in a course or path; to pilot; as, to guide a traveler. \ (v. t.) To regulate and manage; to direct; to order; to superintend the training or education of; to instruct and influence intellectually or morally; to train. \ (v. t.) A person who leads or directs another in his way or course, as in a strange land; one who exhibits points of interest to strangers; a conductor; also, that which guides; a guidebook. \ (v. t.) One who, or that which, directs another in his conduct or course of lifo; a director; a regulator. \ (v. t.) Any contrivance, especially one having a directing edge, surface, or channel, for giving direction to the motion of anything, as water, an instrument, or part of a machine, or for directing the hand or eye, as of an operator \ (v. t.) A blade or channel for directing the flow of water to the wheel buckets. \ (v. t.) A grooved director for a probe or knife. \ (v. t.) A strip or device to direct the compositor's eye to the line of copy he is setting. \ (v. t.) A noncommissioned officer or soldier placed on the directiug flank of each subdivision of a column of troops, or at the end of a line, to mark the pivots, formations, marches, and alignments in tactics.
insert pleasure (n.) The gratification of the senses or of the mind; agreeable sensations or emotions; the excitement, relish, or happiness produced by the expectation or the enjoyment of something good, delightful, or satisfying; -- opposed to pain, sorrow, etc. \ (n.) Amusement; sport; diversion; self-indulgence; frivolous or dissipating enjoyment; hence, sensual gratification; -- opposed to labor, service, duty, self-denial, etc. \ (n.) What the will dictates or prefers as gratifying or satisfying, will; choice; wish; purpose. \ (n.) That which pleases; a favor; a gratification. \ (v. t.) To give or afford pleasure to; to please; to gratify. \ (v. i.) To take pleasure; to seek pursue pleasure; as, to go pleasuring.
insert loving (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Love \ (a.) Affectionate. \ (a.) Expressing love or kindness; as, loving words.
insert opposite ad. different as possible; completely different from; exactly the other way ("North is the opposite direction from south.") \ (a.) Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as, a house opposite to the Exchange. \ (a.) Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other, the opposite sex; the opposite extreme. \ (a.) Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic. \ (a.) Set over against each other, but separated by the whole diameter of the stem, as two leaves at the same node. \ (a.) Placed directly in front of another part or organ, as a stamen which stands before a petal. \ (n.) One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist. \ (n.) That which is opposed or contrary, sweetness and its opposite.
insert spoil (v. t.) To plunder; to strip by violence; to pillage; to rob; -- with of before the name of the thing taken; as, to spoil one of his goods or possession. \ (v. t.) To seize by violence; to take by force; to plunder. \ (v. t.) To cause to decay and perish; to corrput; to vitiate; to mar. \ (v. t.) To render useless by injury; to injure fatally; to ruin; to destroy, to spoil paper; to have the crops spoiled by insects; to spoil the eyes by reading. \ (v. i.) To practice plunder or robbery. \ (v. i.) To lose the valuable qualities; to be corrupted; to decay, fruit will soon spoil in warm weather. \ (n.) That which is taken from another by violence; especially, the plunder taken from an enemy; pillage; booty. \ (n.) Public offices and their emoluments regarded as the peculiar property of a successful party or faction, to be bestowed for its own advantage; -- commonly in the plural; as to the victor belong the spoils. \ (n.) That which is gained by strength or effort. \ (n.) The act or practice of plundering; robbery; aste. \ (n.) Corruption; cause of corruption. \ (n.) The slough, or cast skin, of a serpent or other animal.
insert rob v. to take money or property secretly or by force; to steal \ (n.) The inspissated juice of ripe fruit, obtained by evaporation of the juice over a fire till it acquires the consistence of a sirup. It is sometimes mixed with honey or sugar. \ (v. t.) To take (something) away from by force; to strip by stealing; to plunder; to pillage; to steal from. \ (v. t.) To take the property of (any one) from his person, or in his presence, feloniously, and against his will, by violence or by putting him in fear. \ (v. t.) To deprive of, or withhold from, unjustly or injuriously; to defraud; as, to rob one of his rest, or of his good name; a tree robs the plants near it of sunlight. \ (v. i.) To take that which belongs to another, without right or permission, esp. by violence.
insert asleep (a. & adv.) In a state of sleep; in sleep; dormant. \ (a. & adv.) In the sleep of the grave; dead. \ (a. & adv.) Numbed, and, usually, tingling.
insert universe n. all of space, including planets and stars \ (n.) All created things viewed as constituting one system or whole; the whole body of things, or of phenomena; the / / of the Greeks, the mundus of the Latins; the world; creation.
insert orchestra (n.) The space in a theater between the stage and the audience; -- originally appropriated by the Greeks to the chorus and its evolutions, afterward by the Romans to persons of distinction, and by the moderns to a band of instrumental musicians. \ (n.) The place in any public hall appropriated to a band of instrumental musicians. \ (n.) Loosely: A band of instrumental musicians performing in a theater, concert hall, or other place of public amusement. \ (n.) Strictly: A band suitable for the performance of symphonies, overtures, etc., as well as for the accompaniment of operas, oratorios, cantatas, masses, and the like, or of vocal and instrumental solos. \ (n.) A band composed, for the largest part, of players of the various viol instruments, many of each kind, together with a proper complement of wind instruments of wood and brass; -- as distinguished from a military or street band of players on wind instruments, and from an assemblage of solo players for the rendering of concerted pieces, such as septets, octets, and the like. \ (n.) The instruments employed by a full band, collectively; as, an orchestra of forty stringed instruments, with proper complement of wind instruments.
insert legal ad. of or in agreement with the law \ (a.) Created by, permitted by, in conformity with, or relating to, law; as, a legal obligation; a legal standard or test; a legal procedure; a legal claim; a legal trade; anything is legal which the laws do not forbid. \ (a.) According to the law of works, as distinguished from free grace; or resting on works for salvation. \ (a.) According to the old or Mosaic dispensation; in accordance with the law of Moses. \ (a.) Governed by the rules of law as distinguished from the rules of equity, legal estate; legal assets.
insert therefore (adv.) For that or this reason, referring to something previously stated; for that. \ (adv.) Consequently; by consequence.
insert thin ad. having a small distance between two opposite surfaces; not fat; not wide; opposite thick \ (superl.) Having little thickness or extent from one surface to its opposite; as, a thin plate of metal; thin paper; a thin board; a thin covering. \ (superl.) Rare; not dense or thick; -- applied to fluids or soft mixtures, thin blood; thin broth; thin air. \ (superl.) Not close; not crowded; not filling the space; not having the individuals of which the thing is composed in a close or compact state; hence, not abundant, the trees of a forest are thin; the corn or grass is thin. \ (superl.) Not full or well grown; wanting in plumpness. \ (superl.) Not stout; slim; slender; lean; gaunt, a person becomes thin by disease. \ (superl.) Wanting in body or volume; small; feeble; not full. \ (superl.) Slight; flimsy; wanting substance or depth or force; superficial; inadequate; not sufficient for a covering, a thin disguise. \ (adv.) Not thickly or closely; in a seattered state, seed sown thin. \ (v. t.) To make thin (in any of the senses of the adjective). \ (v. i.) To grow or become thin; -- used with some adverbs, as out, away, etc., geological strata thin out, i. e., gradually diminish in thickness until they disappear.
insert teaching (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Teach \ (n.) The act or business of instructing; also, that which is taught; instruction.
insert cash (n.) A place where money is kept, or where it is deposited and paid out; a money box. \ (n.) Ready money; especially, coin or specie; but also applied to bank notes, drafts, bonds, or any paper easily convertible into money \ (n.) Immediate or prompt payment in current funds; as, to sell goods for cash; to make a reduction in price for cash. \ (v. t.) To pay, or to receive, cash for; to exchange for money, cash a note or an order. \ (v. t.) To disband. \ (n.sing & pl.) A Chinese coin.
insert ugly (superl.) Offensive to the sight; contrary to beauty; being of disagreeable or loathsome aspect; unsightly; repulsive; deformed. \ (superl.) Ill-natured; crossgrained; quarrelsome; as, an ugly temper; to feel ugly. \ (superl.) Unpleasant; disagreeable; likely to cause trouble or loss, an ugly rumor; an ugly customer. \ (n.) A shade for the face, projecting from the bonnet. \ (v. t.) To make ugly.
insert moonlight (n.) The light of the moon. \ (a.) Occurring during or by moonlight; characterized by moonlight.
insert anyone (n.) One taken at random rather than by selection; anybody. [Commonly written as two words.]
insert young ad. in the early years of life; not old \ (superl.) Not long born; still in the first part of life; not yet arrived at adolescence, maturity, or age; not old; juvenile; -- said of animals; as, a young child; a young man; a young fawn. \ (superl.) Being in the first part, pr period, of growth, a young plant; a young tree. \ (superl.) Having little experience; inexperienced; unpracticed; ignorant; weak. \ (n.) The offspring of animals, either a single animal or offspring collectively.
insert lose v. to have no longer; to not find; to fail to keep; to be defeated \ (v. t.) To part with unintentionally or unwillingly, as by accident, misfortune, negligence, penalty, forfeit, etc.; to be deprived of; as, to lose money from one's purse or pocket, or in business or gaming; to lose an arm or a leg by amputation; to lose men in battle. \ (v. t.) To cease to have; to possess no longer; to suffer diminution of, to lose one's relish for anything; to lose one's health. \ (v. t.) Not to employ; to employ ineffectually; to throw away; to waste; to squander, to lose a day; to lose the benefits of instruction. \ (v. t.) To wander from; to miss, so as not to be able to and; to go astray from, to lose one's way. \ (v. t.) To ruin; to destroy; as destroy, the ship was lost on the ledge. \ (v. t.) To be deprived of the view of; to cease to see or know the whereabouts of, he lost his companion in the crowd. \ (v. t.) To fail to obtain or enjoy; to fail to gain or win; hence, to fail to catch with the mind or senses, I lost a part of what he said. \ (v. t.) To cause to part with; to deprive of. \ (v. t.) To prevent from gaining or obtaining. \ (v. i.) To suffer loss, disadvantage, or defeat; to be worse off, esp. as the result of any kind of contest.
insert learning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Learn \ (n.) The acquisition of knowledge or skill; as, the learning of languages; the learning of telegraphy. \ (n.) The knowledge or skill received by instruction or study; acquired knowledge or ideas in any branch of science or literature; erudition; literature; science, he is a man of great learning.
insert eighteen (a.) Eight and ten; as, eighteen pounds. \ (n.) The number greater by a unit than seventeen; eighteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol denoting eighteen units, as 18 or xviii.
insert wide ad. having a great distance from one side to the other; not limited \ (superl.) Having considerable distance or extent between the sides; spacious across; much extended in a direction at right angles to that of length; not narrow; broad; as, wide cloth; a wide table; a wide highway; a wide bed; a wide hall or entry. \ (superl.) Having a great extent every way; extended; spacious; vast; extensive, a wide plain; the wide ocean; a wide difference. \ (superl.) Of large scope; comprehensive; liberal, wide views; a wide understanding. \ (superl.) Of a certain measure between the sides; measuring in a direction at right angles to that of length, a table three feet wide. \ (superl.) Remote; distant; far. \ (superl.) Far from truth, from propriety, from necessity, or the like. \ (superl.) On one side or the other of the mark; too far side-wise from the mark, the wicket, the batsman, etc. \ (superl.) Made, as a vowel, with a less tense, and more open and relaxed, condition of the mouth organs; -- opposed to primary as used by Mr. Bell, and to narrow as used by Mr. Sweet. The effect, as explained by Mr. Bell, is due to the relaxation or tension of the pharynx; as explained by Mr. Sweet and others, it is due to the action of the tongue. The wide of \ (adv.) To a distance; far; widely; to a great distance or extent, his fame was spread wide. \ (adv.) So as to leave or have a great space between the sides; so as to form a large opening. \ (adv.) So as to be or strike far from, or on one side of, an object or purpose; aside; astray. \ (n.) That which is wide; wide space; width; extent. \ (n.) That which goes wide, or to one side of the mark. \ (a.) Having or showing a wide difference between the highest and lowest price, amount of supply, etc., a wide opening; wide prices, where the prices bid and asked differ by several points. / (/ve) is / (/ll); of a (ate) is / (/nd), etc. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 13-15.
insert out ad. away from the inside; opposite of in \ (a.) In its original and strict sense, out means from the interior of something; beyond the limits or boundary of somethings; in a position or relation which is exterior to something; -- opposed to in or into. The something may be expressed after of, from, etc. (see Out of, below); or, if not expressed, it is implied; as, he is out, he is out of the house, office, business, etc.; he came out, he came out from the ship, meeting, sect, party \ (a.) Away; abroad; off; from home, or from a certain, or a usual, place; not in; not in a particular, the proprietor is out, his team was taken out. \ (a.) Beyond the limits of concealment, confinement, privacy, constraint, actual of figurative; hence, not in concealment, in, or into, a state of freedom, openness, disclosure, publicity, the sun shines out; he laughed out, to be out at the elbows; the secret has leaked out, or is out; the disease broke out on his face; the book is out. \ (a.) Beyond the limit of existence, continuance, or supply; to the end; completely, a condition of extinction, exhaustion, completion, the fuel, or the fire, has burned out. \ (a.) Beyond possession, control, or occupation, a state of want, loss, or deprivation; -- used of office, property, knowledge, the Democrats went out and the Whigs came in; he put his money out at interest. \ (a.) Beyond the bounds of what is true, reasonable, correct, proper, common; in error or mistake; in a wrong or incorrect position or opinion; in a state of disagreement, opposition; in an inharmonious relation. \ (a.) Not in the position to score in playing a game; not in the state or turn of the play for counting or gaining scores. \ (n.) One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of office; -- generally in the plural. \ (n.) A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle projecting outward; an open space; -- chiefly used in the phrase ins and outs, the ins and outs of a question. See under In. \ (n.) A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy; an omission. \ (v. t.) To cause to be out; to eject; to expel. \ (v. t.) To come out with; to make known. \ (v. t.) To give out; to dispose of; to sell. \ (v. i.) To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public. \ (interj.) Expressing impatience, anger, a desire to be rid of; -- with the force of command; go out; begone; away; off.
insert stocking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Stock \ (n.) A close-fitting covering for the foot and leg, usually knit or woven. \ (v. t.) To dress in GBs. \ (n.) Any of various things resembling, or likened to, a stocking; as: (a) A broad ring of color, differing from the general color, on the lower part of the leg of a quadruped; esp., a white ring between the coronet and the hock or knee of a dark-colored horse. (b) A knitted hood of cotton thread which is eventually converted by a special process into an incandescent mantle for gas lighting.
insert strike v. to hit with force; to stop work as a way to seek better conditions, more pay or to make other demands
insert lemon (n.) An oval or roundish fruit resembling the orange, and containing a pulp usually intensely acid. It is produced by a tropical tree of the genus Citrus, the common fruit known in commerce being that of the species C. Limonum or C. Medica (var. Limonum). There are many varieties of the fruit, some of which are sweet. \ (n.) The tree which bears lemons; the lemon tree.
insert pond (n.) A body of water, naturally or artificially confined, and usually of less extent than a lake. \ (v. t.) To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by damming. \ (v. t.) To ponder.
insert welcome v. to express happiness or pleasure when someone arrives or something develops \ (n.) Received with gladness; admitted willingly to the house, entertainment, or company; as, a welcome visitor. \ (n.) Producing gladness; grateful, a welcome present; welcome news. \ (n.) Free to have or enjoy gratuitously, you are welcome to the use of my library. \ (n.) Salutation to a newcomer. \ (n.) Kind reception of a guest or newcomer, we entered the house and found a ready welcome. \ (v. t.) To salute with kindness, as a newcomer; to receive and entertain hospitably and cheerfully, to welcome a visitor; to welcome a new idea.
insert expression (n.) The act of expressing; the act of forcing out by pressure; as, the expression of juices or oils; also, of extorting or eliciting, a forcible expression of truth. \ (n.) The act of declaring or signifying; declaration; utterance, an expression of the public will. \ (n.) Lively or vivid representation of meaning, sentiment, or feeling, etc.; significant and impressive indication, whether by language, appearance, or gesture; that manner or style which gives life and suggestive force to ideas and sentiments, he reads with expression; her performance on the piano has expression. \ (n.) That which is expressed by a countenance, a posture, a work of art; look, as indicative of thought or feeling. \ (n.) A form of words in which an idea or sentiment is conveyed; a mode of speech; a phrase, a common expression; an odd expression. \ (n.) The representation of any quantity by its appropriate characters or signs.
insert excellent ad. extremely good \ (a.) Excelling; surpassing others in some good quality or the sum of qualities; of great worth; eminent, in a good sense; superior; as, an excellent man, artist, citizen, husband, discourse, book, song, etc.; excellent breeding, principles, aims, action. \ (a.) Superior in kind or degree, irrespective of moral quality; -- used with words of a bad significance. \ (adv.) Excellently; eminently; exceedingly.
insert poor n. people with little or no money; ad. lacking money or goods; of bad quality \ (superl.) Destitute of property; wanting in material riches or goods; needy; indigent. \ (superl.) So completely destitute of property as to be entitled to maintenance from the public. \ (superl.) Destitute of such qualities as are desirable, or might naturally be expected \ (superl.) Wanting in fat, plumpness, or fleshiness; lean; emaciated; meager; as, a poor horse, ox, dog, etc. \ (superl.) Wanting in strength or vigor; feeble; dejected, poor health; poor spirits. \ (superl.) Of little value or worth; not good; inferior; shabby; mean, poor clothes; poor lodgings. \ (superl.) Destitute of fertility; exhausted; barren; sterile; -- said of land, poor soil. \ (superl.) Destitute of beauty, fitness, or merit, a poor discourse; a poor picture. \ (superl.) Without prosperous conditions or good results; unfavorable; unfortunate; unconformable, a poor business; the sick man had a poor night. \ (superl.) Inadequate; insufficient; insignificant, a poor excuse. \ (superl.) Worthy of pity or sympathy; -- used also sometimes as a term of endearment, or as an expression of modesty, and sometimes as a word of contempt. \ (superl.) Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek. \ (n.) A small European codfish (Gadus minutus); -- called also power cod.
insert cocoa Alt. of Cocoa palm \ (n.) A preparation made from the seeds of the chocolate tree, and used in making, a beverage; also the beverage made from cocoa or cocoa shells.
insert grown (p. p.) of Grow \ p. p. of Grow.
insert background (n.) Ground in the rear or behind, or in the distance, as opposed to the foreground, or the ground in front. \ (n.) The space which is behind and subordinate to a portrait or group of figures. \ (n.) Anything behind, serving as a foil; as, the statue had a background of red hangings. \ (n.) A place in obscurity or retirement, or out of sight.
insert brave ad. having no fear \ (superl.) Bold; courageous; daring; intrepid; -- opposed to cowardly; as, a brave man; a brave act. \ (superl.) Having any sort of superiority or excellence; -- especially such as in conspicuous. \ (superl.) Making a fine show or display. \ (n.) A brave person; one who is daring. \ (n.) Specifically, an Indian warrior. \ (n.) A man daring beyond discretion; a bully. \ (n.) A challenge; a defiance; bravado. \ (v. t.) To encounter with courage and fortitude; to set at defiance; to defy; to dare. \ (v. t.) To adorn; to make fine or showy.
insert Saturday (n.) The seventh or last day of the week; the day following Friday and preceding Sunday.
insert dry ad. not wet; without rain \ (superl.) Free from moisture; having little humidity or none; arid; not wet or moist; deficient in the natural or normal supply of moisture, as rain or fluid of any kind; -- said especially: (a) Of the weather: Free from rain or mist. \ (superl.) Of vegetable matter: Free from juices or sap; not succulent; not green; as, dry wood or hay. \ (superl.) Of animals: Not giving milk, the cow is dry. \ (superl.) Of persons: Thirsty; needing drink. \ (superl.) Of the eyes: Not shedding tears. \ (superl.) Of certain morbid conditions, in which there is entire or comparative absence of moisture, dry gangrene; dry catarrh. \ (superl.) Destitute of that which interests or amuses; barren; unembellished; jejune; plain. \ (superl.) Characterized by a quality somewhat severe, grave, or hard; hence, sharp; keen; shrewd; quaint, a dry tone or manner; dry wit. \ (superl.) Exhibiting a sharp, frigid preciseness of execution, or the want of a delicate contour in form, and of easy transition in coloring. \ (a.) To make dry; to free from water, or from moisture of any kind, and by any means; to exsiccate, to dry the eyes; to dry one's tears; the wind dries the earth; to dry a wet cloth; to dry hay. \ (v. i.) To grow dry; to become free from wetness, moisture, or juice, the road dries rapidly. \ (v. i.) To evaporate wholly; to be exhaled; -- said of moisture, or a liquid; -- sometimes with up, the stream dries, or dries up. \ (v. i.) To shrivel or wither; to lose vitality.
insert eleventh (a.) Next after the tenth; as, the eleventh chapter. \ (a.) Constituting one of eleven parts into which a thing is divided, the eleventh part of a thing. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to the interval of the octave and the fourth. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by eleven; one of eleven equal parts. \ (n.) The interval consisting of ten conjunct degrees; the interval made up of an octave and a fourth.
insert political (a.) Having, or conforming to, a settled system of administration. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to public policy, or to politics; relating to affairs of state or administration; as, a political writer. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a party, or to parties, in the state, his political relations were with the Whigs. \ (a.) Politic; wise; also, artful.
insert twelve (a.) One more that eleven; two and ten; twice six; a dozen. \ (n.) The number next following eleven; the sum of ten and two, or of twice six; twelve units or objects; a dozen. \ (n.) A symbol representing twelve units, as 12, or xii.
insert room n. a separate area within a building with its own walls \ (n.) Unobstructed spase; space which may be occupied by or devoted to any object; compass; extent of place, great or small; as, there is not room for a house; the table takes up too much room. \ (n.) A particular portion of space appropriated for occupancy; a place to sit, stand, or lie; a seat. \ (n.) Especially, space in a building or ship inclosed or set apart by a partition; an apartment or chamber. \ (n.) Place or position in society; office; rank; post; station; also, a place or station once belonging to, or occupied by, another, and vacated. \ (n.) Possibility of admission; ability to admit; opportunity to act; fit occasion, to leave room for hope. \ (v. i.) To occupy a room or rooms; to lodge, they arranged to room together. \ (a.) Spacious; roomy.
insert aid v. to help; to support; n. help, assistance \ (v. t.) To support, either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose, or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist. \ (v. t.) Help; succor; assistance; relief. \ (v. t.) The person or thing that promotes or helps in something done; a helper; an assistant. \ (v. t.) A subsidy granted to the king by Parliament; also, an exchequer loan. \ (v. t.) A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his lord on special occasions. \ (v. t.) An aid-de-camp, so called by abbreviation; as, a general's aid.
insert sir (n.) A man of social authority and dignity; a lord; a master; a gentleman; -- in this sense usually spelled sire. \ (n.) A title prefixed to the Christian name of a knight or a baronet. \ (n.) An English rendering of the LAtin Dominus, the academical title of a bachelor of arts; -- formerly colloquially, and sometimes contemptuously, applied to the clergy. \ (n.) A respectful title, used in addressing a man, without being prefixed to his name; -- used especially in speaking to elders or superiors; sometimes, also, used in the way of emphatic formality.
insert period n. an amount of time within events, restrictions or conditions \ (n.) A portion of time as limited and determined by some recurring phenomenon, as by the completion of a revolution of one of the heavenly bodies; a division of time, as a series of years, months, or days, in which something is completed, and ready to recommence and go on in the same order; as, the period of the sun, or the earth, or a comet. \ (n.) A stated and recurring interval of time; more generally, an interval of time specified or left indefinite; a certain series of years, days, or the like; a time; a cycle; an age; an epoch, the period of the Roman republic. \ (n.) One of the great divisions of geological time, the Tertiary period; the Glacial period. See the Chart of Geology. \ (n.) The termination or completion of a revolution, cycle, series of events, single event, or act; hence, a limit; a bound; an end; a conclusion. \ (n.) A complete sentence, from one full stop to another; esp., a well-proportioned, harmonious sentence. \ (n.) The punctuation point [.] that marks the end of a complete sentence, or of an abbreviated word. \ (n.) One of several similar sets of figures or terms usually marked by points or commas placed at regular intervals, as in numeration, in the extraction of roots, and in circulating decimals. \ (n.) The time of the exacerbation and remission of a disease, or of the paroxysm and intermission. \ (n.) A complete musical sentence. \ (v. t.) To put an end to. \ (v. i.) To come to a period; to conclude. [Obs.] "You may period upon this, that," etc.
insert accompany (v. t.) To go with or attend as a companion or associate; to keep company with; to go along with; -- followed by with or by; as, he accompanied his speech with a bow. \ (v. t.) To cohabit with. \ (v. i.) To associate in a company; to keep company. \ (v. i.) To cohabit (with). \ (v. i.) To perform an accompanying part or parts in a composition.
insert toast (v. t.) To dry and brown by the heat of a fire; as, to toast bread. \ (v. t.) To warm thoroughly, to toast the feet. \ (v. t.) To name when a health is proposed to be drunk; to drink to the health, or in honor, of, to toast a lady. \ (v.) Bread dried and browned before a fire, usually in slices; also, a kind of food prepared by putting slices of toasted bread into milk, gravy, etc. \ (v.) A lady in honor of whom persons or a company are invited to drink; -- so called because toasts were formerly put into the liquor, as a great delicacy. \ (v.) Hence, any person, especially a person of distinction, in honor of whom a health is drunk; hence, anything so commemorated; a sentiment, as "The land we live in," "The day we celebrate," etc.
insert guy (n.) A rope, chain, or rod attached to anything to steady it; as: a rope to steady or guide an object which is being hoisted or lowered; a rope which holds in place the end of a boom, spar, or yard in a ship; a chain or wire rope connecting a suspension bridge with the land on either side to prevent lateral swaying; a rod or rope attached to the top of a structure, as of a derrick, and extending obliquely to the ground, where it is fastened. \ (v. t.) To steady or guide with a guy. \ (n.) A grotesque effigy, like that of Guy Fawkes, dressed up in England on the fifth of November, the day of the Gunpowder Plot. \ (n.) A person of queer looks or dress. \ (v. t.) To fool; to baffle; to make (a person) an object of ridicule.
insert transport v. to move goods or people from one place to another \ (v. t.) To carry or bear from one place to another; to remove; to convey; as, to transport goods; to transport troops. \ (v. t.) To carry, or cause to be carried, into banishment, as a criminal; to banish. \ (v. t.) To carry away with vehement emotion, as joy, sorrow, complacency, anger, etc.; to ravish with pleasure or ecstasy, music transports the soul. \ (v.) Transportation; carriage; conveyance. \ (v.) A vessel employed for transporting, especially for carrying soldiers, warlike stores, or provisions, from one place to another, or to convey convicts to their destination; -- called also transport ship, transport vessel. \ (v.) Vehement emotion; passion; ecstasy; rapture. \ (v.) A convict transported, or sentenced to exile.
insert thief (n.) One who steals; one who commits theft or larceny. See Theft. \ (n.) A waster in the snuff of a candle.
insert railroad n. a road for trains; a company that operates such a road and its stations and equipment \ (n.) Alt. of Railway \ (v. t.) To carry or send by railroad; usually fig., to send or put through at high speed or in great haste; to hurry or rush unduly; as, to railroad a bill through Condress.
insert forest n. a place of many trees \ (n.) An extensive wood; a large tract of land covered with trees; in the United States, a wood of native growth, or a tract of woodland which has never been cultivated. \ (n.) A large extent or precinct of country, generally waste and woody, belonging to the sovereign, set apart for the keeping of game for his use, not inclosed, but distinguished by certain limits, and protected by certain laws, courts, and officers of its own. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a forest; sylvan. \ (v. t.) To cover with trees or wood.
insert bakery (n.) The trade of a baker. \ (n.) The place for baking bread; a bakehouse.
insert happily (adv.) By chance; peradventure; haply. \ (adv.) By good fortune; fortunately; luckily. \ (adv.) In a happy manner or state; in happy circumstances; as, he lived happily with his wife. \ (adv.) With address or dexterity; gracefully; felicitously; in a manner to success; with success.
insert murder v. to kill another person illegally; n. the crime of killing another person \ (n.) The offense of killing a human being with malice prepense or aforethought, express or implied; intentional and unlawful homicide. \ (n.) To kill with premediated malice; to kill (a human being) willfully, deliberately, and unlawfully. See Murder, n. \ (n.) To destroy; to put an end to. \ (n.) To mutilate, spoil, or deform, as if with malice or cruelty; to mangle; as, to murder the king's English.
insert cancel v. to end; to stop \ (v. i.) To inclose or surround, as with a railing, or with latticework. \ (v. i.) To shut out, as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude. \ (v. i.) To cross and deface, as the lines of a writing, or as a word or figure; to mark out by a cross line; to blot out or obliterate. \ (v. i.) To annul or destroy; to revoke or recall. \ (v. i.) To suppress or omit; to strike out, as matter in type. \ (v. i.) An inclosure; a boundary; a limit. \ (v. i.) The suppression or striking out of matter in type, or of a printed page or pages. \ (v. i.) The part thus suppressed.
insert ought (n. & adv.) See Aught. \ (imp., p. p., or auxiliary) Was or were under obligation to pay; owed. \ (imp., p. p., or auxiliary) Owned; possessed. \ (imp., p. p., or auxiliary) To be bound in duty or by moral obligation. \ (imp., p. p., or auxiliary) To be necessary, fit, becoming, or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed. \ of Owe
insert end v. to stop; to finish; n. the part which comes last \ (n.) The extreme or last point or part of any material thing considered lengthwise (the extremity of breadth being side); hence, extremity, in general; the concluding part; termination; close; limit; as, the end of a field, line, pole, road; the end of a year, of a discourse; put an end to pain; -- opposed to beginning, when used of anything having a first part. \ (n.) Point beyond which no procession can be made; conclusion; issue; result, whether successful or otherwise; conclusive event; consequence. \ (n.) Termination of being; death; destruction; extermination; also, cause of death or destruction. \ (n.) The object aimed at in any effort considered as the close and effect of exertion; ppurpose; intention; aim, to labor for private or public ends. \ (n.) That which is left; a remnant; a fragment; a scrap, odds and ends. \ (n.) One of the yarns of the worsted warp in a Brussels carpet. \ (v. t.) To bring to an end or conclusion; to close; to terminate, to end a speech. \ (v. t.) To form or be at the end of, the letter k ends the word back. \ (v. t.) To destroy; to put to death. \ (v. i.) To come to the ultimate point; to be finished; to come to a close; to cease, a voyage ends; life ends; winter ends.
insert seek (a.) Sick. \ (v. t.) To go in search of; to look for; to search for; to try to find. \ (v. t.) To inquire for; to ask for; to solicit; to bessech. \ (v. t.) To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at; as, to seek wealth or fame; to seek one's life. \ (v. t.) To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to. \ (v. i.) To make search or inquiry: to endeavor to make discovery.
insert profession n. a job that requires special training \ (v.) The act of professing or claiming; open declaration; public avowal or acknowledgment; as, professions of friendship; a profession of faith. \ (v.) That which one professed; a declaration; an avowal; a claim, his professions are insincere. \ (v.) That of which one professed knowledge; the occupation, if not mechanical, agricultural, or the like, to which one devotes one's self; the business which one professes to understand, and to follow for subsistence; calling; vocation; employment, the profession of arms; the profession of a clergyman, lawyer, or physician; the profession of lecturer on chemistry. \ (v.) The collective body of persons engaged in a calling, the profession distrust him. \ (v.) The act of entering, or becoming a member of, a religious order.
insert gram (a.) Angry. \ (n.) The East Indian name of the chick-pea (Cicer arietinum) and its seeds; also, other similar seeds there used for food. \ (n.) Alt. of Gramme
insert kitten (n.) A young cat. \ (v. t. & i.) To bring forth young, as a cat; to bring forth, as kittens.
insert sunset (n.) Alt. of Sunsetting
insert some ad. of an amount or number or part not stated; not all \ (a.) Consisting of a greater or less portion or sum; composed of a quantity or number which is not stated; -- used to express an indefinite quantity or number; as, some wine; some water; some persons. Used also pronominally, I have some. \ (a.) A certain; one; -- indicating a person, thing, event, etc., as not known individually, or designated more specifically, some man, that is, some one man. \ (a.) Not much; a little; moderate, the censure was to some extent just. \ (a.) About; near; more or less; -- used commonly with numerals, but formerly also with a singular substantive of time or distance, a village of some eighty houses; some two or three persons; some hour hence. \ (a.) Considerable in number or quality. \ (a.) Certain; those of one part or portion; -- in distinct from other or others, some men believe one thing, and others another. \ (a.) A part; a portion; -- used pronominally, and followed sometimes by of, some of our provisions.
insert give v. to present to another to keep without receiving payment \ (n.) To bestow without receiving a return; to confer without compensation; to impart, as a possession; to grant, as authority or permission; to yield up or allow. \ (n.) To yield possesion of; to deliver over, as property, in exchange for something; to pay; as, we give the value of what we buy. \ (n.) To yield; to furnish; to produce; to emit, flint and steel give sparks. \ (n.) To communicate or announce, as advice, tidings, etc.; to pronounce; to render or utter, as an opinion, a judgment, a sentence, a shout, etc. \ (n.) To grant power or license to; to permit; to allow; to license; to commission. \ (n.) To exhibit as a product or result; to show, the number of men, divided by the number of ships, gives four hundred to each ship. \ (n.) To devote; to apply; used reflexively, to devote or apply one's self, the soldiers give themselves to plunder; also in this sense used very frequently in the past participle, the people are given to luxury and pleasure; the youth is given to study. \ (n.) To set forth as a known quantity or a known relation, or as a premise from which to reason; -- used principally in the passive form given. \ (n.) To allow or admit by way of supposition. \ (n.) To attribute; to assign; to adjudge. \ (n.) To excite or cause to exist, as a sensation, to give offense; to give pleasure or pain. \ (n.) To pledge, to give one's word. \ (n.) To cause; to make; -- with the infinitive, to give one to understand, to know, etc. \ (v. i.) To give a gift or gifts. \ (v. i.) To yield to force or pressure; to relax; to become less rigid, the earth gives under the feet. \ (v. i.) To become soft or moist. \ (v. i.) To move; to recede. \ (v. i.) To shed tears; to weep. \ (v. i.) To have a misgiving. \ (v. i.) To open; to lead. \ (v. t.) To afford a view of, his window gave the park.
insert anybody (n.) Any one out of an indefinite number of persons; anyone; any person. \ (n.) A person of consideration or standing.
insert slide v. to move smoothly over a surface \ (v. t.) To move along the surface of any body by slipping, or without walking or rolling; to slip; to glide; as, snow slides down the mountain's side. \ (v. t.) Especially, to move over snow or ice with a smooth, uninterrupted motion, as on a sled moving by the force of gravity, or on the feet. \ (v. t.) To pass inadvertently. \ (v. t.) To pass along smoothly or unobservedly; to move gently onward without friction or hindrance, a ship or boat slides through the water. \ (v. t.) To slip when walking or standing; to fall. \ (v. t.) To pass from one note to another with no perceptible cassation of sound. \ (v. t.) To pass out of one's thought as not being of any consequence. \ (v. t.) To cause to slide; to thrust along, to slide one piece of timber along another. \ (v. t.) To pass or put imperceptibly, to slide in a word to vary the sense of a question. \ (n.) The act of sliding, a slide on the ice. \ (n.) Smooth, even passage or progress. \ (n.) That on which anything moves by sliding. \ (n.) An inclined plane on which heavy bodies slide by the force of gravity, esp. one constructed on a mountain side for conveying logs by sliding them down. \ (n.) A surface of ice or snow on which children slide for amusement. \ (n.) That which operates by sliding. \ (n.) A cover which opens or closes an aperture by sliding over it. \ (n.) A moving piece which is guided by a part or parts along which it slides. \ (n.) A clasp or brooch for a belt, or the like. \ (n.) A plate or slip of glass on which is a picture or delineation to be exhibited by means of a magic lantern, stereopticon, or the like; a plate on which is an object to be examined with a microscope. \ (n.) The descent of a mass of earth, rock, or snow down a hill or mountain side, a land slide, or a snow slide; also, the track of bare rock left by a land slide. \ (n.) A small dislocation in beds of rock along a line of fissure. \ (n.) A grace consisting of two or more small notes moving by conjoint degrees, and leading to a principal note either above or below. \ (n.) An apparatus in the trumpet and trombone by which the sounding tube is lengthened and shortened so as to produce the tones between the fundamental and its harmonics. \ (n.) A sound which, by a gradual change in the position of the vocal organs, passes imperceptibly into another sound. \ (n.) Same as Guide bar, under Guide. \ (n.) A slide valve.
insert melody (n.) A sweet or agreeable succession of sounds. \ (n.) A rhythmical succession of single tones, ranging for the most part within a given key, and so related together as to form a musical whole, having the unity of what is technically called a musical thought, at once pleasing to the ear and characteristic in expression. \ (n.) The air or tune of a musical piece.
insert twelfth (a.) Next in order after the eleventh; coming after eleven others; -- the ordinal of twelve. \ (a.) Consisting, or being one of, twelve equal parts into which anything is divided. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by twelve; one of twelve equal parts of one whole. \ (n.) The next in order after the eleventh. \ (n.) An interval comprising an octave and a fifth.
insert playground (n.) A piece of ground used for recreation; as, the playground of a school.
insert alike (a.) Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference. \ (adv.) In the same manner, form, or degree; in common; equally; as, we are all alike concerned in religion.
insert dirt n. earth or soil \ (n.) Any foul of filthy substance, as excrement, mud, dust, etc.; whatever, adhering to anything, renders it foul or unclean; earth; as, a wagonload of dirt. \ (n.) Meanness; sordidness. \ (n.) In placer mining, gravel, before washing. \ (v. t.) To make foul of filthy; to dirty.
insert drunk of Drink \ (p. p.) of Drink \ (a.) Intoxicated with, or as with, strong drink; inebriated; drunken; -- never used attributively, but always predicatively; as, the man is drunk (not, a drunk man). \ (a.) Drenched or saturated with moisture or liquid. \ (n.) A drunken condition; a spree.
insert rise v. to go up; to go higher; to increase; to go from a position of sitting or lying to a position of standing
insert flow v. to move like a liquid \ imp. sing. of Fly, v. i. \ (v. i.) To move with a continual change of place among the particles or parts, as a fluid; to change place or circulate, as a liquid; as, rivers flow from springs and lakes; tears flow from the eyes. \ (v. i.) To become liquid; to melt. \ (v. i.) To proceed; to issue forth, wealth flows from industry and economy. \ (v. i.) To glide along smoothly, without harshness or asperties, a flowing period; flowing numbers; to sound smoothly to the ear; to be uttered easily. \ (v. i.) To have or be in abundance; to abound; to full, so as to run or flow over; to be copious. \ (v. i.) To hang loose and waving, a flowing mantle; flowing locks. \ (v. i.) To rise, as the tide; -- opposed to ebb, the tide flows twice in twenty-four hours. \ (v. i.) To discharge blood in excess from the uterus. \ (v. t.) To cover with water or other liquid; to overflow; to inundate; to flood. \ (v. t.) To cover with varnish. \ (n.) A stream of water or other fluid; a current, a flow of water; a flow of blood. \ (n.) A continuous movement of something abundant, a flow of words. \ (n.) Any gentle, gradual movement or procedure of thought, diction, music, or the like, resembling the quiet, steady movement of a river; a stream. \ (n.) The tidal setting in of the water from the ocean to the shore. See Ebb and flow, under Ebb. \ (n.) A low-lying piece of watery land; -- called also flow moss and flow bog.
insert amount n. the number, size or weight of anything \ (n.) To go up; to ascend. \ (n.) To rise or reach by an accumulation of particular sums or quantities; to come (to) in the aggregate or whole; -- with to or unto. \ (n.) To rise, reach, or extend in effect, substance, or influence; to be equivalent; to come practically (to); as, the testimony amounts to very little. \ (v. t.) To signify; to amount to. \ (n.) The sum total of two or more sums or quantities; the aggregate; the whole quantity; a totality, the amount of 7 and 9 is 16; the amount of a bill; the amount of this year's revenue. \ (n.) The effect, value, significance, or result; the sum, the amount of the testimony is this.
insert sixty (a.) Six times ten; fifty-nine and one more; threescore. \ (n.) The sum of six times ten; sixty units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing sixty units, as 60, lx., or LX.
insert through prep. in at one end and out at the other; from front to back; from top to bottom; with the help of; by \ (prep.) From end to end of, or from side to side of; from one surface or limit of, to the opposite; into and out of at the opposite, or at another, point; as, to bore through a piece of timber, or through a board; a ball passes through the side of a ship. \ (prep.) Between the sides or walls of; within, to pass through a door; to go through an avenue. \ (prep.) By means of; by the agency of. \ (prep.) Over the whole surface or extent of, to ride through the country; to look through an account. \ (prep.) Among or in the midst of; -- used to denote passage, a fish swims through the water; the light glimmers through a thicket. \ (prep.) From the beginning to the end of; to the end or conclusion of, through life; through the year. \ (adv.) From one end or side to the other, to pierce a thing through. \ (adv.) From beginning to end, to read a letter through. \ (adv.) To the end; to a conclusion; to the ultimate purpose, to carry a project through. \ (a.) Going or extending through; going, extending, or serving from the beginning to the end; thorough; complete, a through line; a through ticket; a through train. Also, admitting of passage through, a through bridge.
insert basement (a.) The outer wall of the ground story of a building, or of a part of that story, when treated as a distinct substructure. ( See Base, n., 3 (a).) Hence: The rooms of a ground floor, collectively.
insert brick (n.) A block or clay tempered with water, sand, etc., molded into a regular form, usually rectangular, and sun-dried, or burnt in a kiln, or in a heap or stack called a clamp. \ (n.) Bricks, collectively, as designating that kind of material; as, a load of brick; a thousand of brick. \ (n.) Any oblong rectangular mass, a brick of maple sugar; a penny brick (of bread). \ (n.) A good fellow; a merry person, you 're a brick. \ (v. t.) To lay or pave with bricks; to surround, line, or construct with bricks. \ (v. t.) To imitate or counterfeit a brick wall on, as by smearing plaster with red ocher, making the joints with an edge tool, and pointing them.
insert sorry (a.) Grieved for the loss of some good; pained for some evil; feeling regret; -- now generally used to express light grief or affliction, but formerly often used to express deeper feeling. \ (a.) Melancholy; dismal; gloomy; mournful. \ (a.) Poor; mean; worthless; as, a sorry excuse.
insert centimeter (n.) Alt. of Centimetre
insert hint (v. t.) To bring to mind by a slight mention or remote allusion; to suggest in an indirect manner; as, to hint a suspicion. \ (v. i.) To make an indirect reference, suggestion, or allusion; to allude vaguely to something. \ (n.) A remote allusion; slight mention; intimation; insinuation; a suggestion or reminder, without a full declaration or explanation; also, an occasion or motive.
insert officer n. a person in the military who commands others; any person who is a member of a police force \ (n.) One who holds an office; a person lawfully invested with an office, whether civil, military, or ecclesiastical; as, a church officer; a police officer; a staff officer. \ (n.) Specifically, a commissioned officer, in distinction from a warrant officer. \ (v. t.) To furnish with officers; to appoint officers over. \ (v. t.) To command as an officer, veterans from old regiments officered the recruits.
insert main ad. the most important or largest \ (n.) A hand or match at dice. \ (n.) A stake played for at dice. \ (n.) The largest throw in a match at dice; a throw at dice within given limits, as in the game of hazard. \ (n.) A match at cockfighting. \ (n.) A main-hamper. \ (v.) Strength; force; might; violent effort. \ (v.) The chief or principal part; the main or most important thing. \ (v.) The great sea, as distinguished from an arm, bay, etc. ; the high sea; the ocean. \ (v.) The continent, as distinguished from an island; the mainland. \ (v.) principal duct or pipe, as distinguished from lesser ones; esp. (Engin.), a principal pipe leading to or from a reservoir; as, a fire main. \ (a.) Very or extremely strong. \ (a.) Vast; huge. \ (a.) Unqualified; absolute; entire; sheer. \ (a.) Principal; chief; first in size, rank, importance, etc. \ (a.) Important; necessary. \ (a.) Very; extremely, main heavy.
insert much ad. great in amount \ (Compar. & superl. wanting, but supplied by) Great in quantity; long in duration; as, much rain has fallen; much time. \ (Compar. & superl. wanting, but supplied by) Many in number. \ (Compar. & superl. wanting, but supplied by) High in rank or position. \ (n.) A great quantity; a great deal; also, an indefinite quantity, you have as much as I. \ (n.) A thing uncommon, wonderful, or noticeable; something considerable. \ (a.) To a great degree or extent; greatly; abundantly; far; nearly.
insert sell v. to give something in exchange for money \ (n.) Self. \ (n.) A sill. \ (n.) A cell; a house. \ (n.) A saddle for a horse. \ (n.) A throne or lofty seat. \ (v. t.) To transfer to another for an equivalent; to give up for a valuable consideration; to dispose of in return for something, especially for money. \ (v. t.) To make a matter of bargain and sale of; to accept a price or reward for, as for a breach of duty, trust, or the like; to betray. \ (v. t.) To impose upon; to trick; to deceive; to make a fool of; to cheat. \ (v. i.) To practice selling commodities. \ (v. i.) To be sold; as, corn sells at a good price. \ (n.) An imposition; a cheat; a hoax.
insert fry (v. t.) To cook in a pan or on a griddle (esp. with the use of fat, butter, or olive oil) by heating over a fire; to cook in boiling lard or fat; as, to fry fish; to fry doughnuts. \ (v. i.) To undergo the process of frying; to be subject to the action of heat in a frying pan, or on a griddle, or in a kettle of hot fat. \ (v. i.) To simmer; to boil. \ (v. i.) To undergo or cause a disturbing action accompanied with a sensation of heat. \ (v. i.) To be agitated; to be greatly moved. \ (n.) The young of any fish. \ (n.) A swarm or crowd, especially of little fishes; young or small things in general.
insert slip (n.) To move along the surface of a thing without bounding, rolling, or stepping; to slide; to glide. \ (n.) To slide; to lose one's footing or one's hold; not to tread firmly; as, it is necessary to walk carefully lest the foot should slip. \ (n.) To move or fly (out of place); to shoot; -- often with out, off, etc., a bone may slip out of its place. \ (n.) To depart, withdraw, enter, appear, intrude, or escape as if by sliding; to go or come in a quiet, furtive manner, some errors slipped into the work. \ (n.) To err; to fall into error or fault. \ (v. t.) To cause to move smoothly and quickly; to convey gently or secretly. \ (v. t.) To omit; to loose by negligence. \ (v. t.) To cut slips from; to cut; to take off; to make a slip or slips of, to slip a piece of cloth or paper. \ (v. t.) To let loose in pursuit of game, as a greyhound. \ (v. t.) To cause to slip or slide off, or out of place, a horse slips his bridle; a dog slips his collar. \ (v. t.) To bring forth (young) prematurely; to slink. \ (n.) The act of slipping, a slip on the ice. \ (n.) An unintentional error or fault; a false step. \ (n.) A twig separated from the main stock; a cutting; a scion; hence, a descendant, a slip from a vine. \ (n.) A slender piece; a strip, a slip of paper. \ (n.) A leash or string by which a dog is held; -- so called from its being made in such a manner as to slip, or become loose, by relaxation of the hand. \ (n.) An escape; a secret or unexpected desertion, to give one the slip. \ (n.) A portion of the columns of a newspaper or other work struck off by itself; a proof from a column of type when set up and in the galley. \ (n.) Any covering easily slipped on. \ (n.) A loose garment worn by a woman. \ (n.) A child's pinafore. \ (n.) An outside covering or case, a pillow slip. \ (n.) The slip or sheath of a sword, and the like. \ (n.) A counterfeit piece of money, being brass covered with silver. \ (n.) Matter found in troughs of grindstones after the grinding of edge tools. \ (n.) Potter's clay in a very liquid state, used for the decoration of ceramic ware, and also as a cement for handles and other applied parts. \ (n.) A particular quantity of yarn. \ (n.) An inclined plane on which a vessel is built, or upon which it is hauled for repair. \ (n.) An opening or space for vessels to lie in, between wharves or in a dock, Peck slip. \ (n.) A narrow passage between buildings. \ (n.) A long seat or narrow pew in churches, often without a door. \ (n.) A dislocation of a lead, destroying continuity. \ (n.) The motion of the center of resistance of the float of a paddle wheel, or the blade of an oar, through the water horozontally, or the difference between a vessel's actual speed and the speed which she would have if the propelling instrument acted upon a solid; also, the velocity, relatively to still water, of the backward current of water produced by the propeller. \ (n.) A fish, the sole.
insert pain n. a hurt or suffering somewhere in the body \ (n.) Punishment suffered or denounced; suffering or evil inflicted as a punishment for crime, or connected with the commission of a crime; penalty. \ (n.) Any uneasy sensation in animal bodies, from slight uneasiness to extreme distress or torture, proceeding from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; bodily distress; bodily suffering; an ache; a smart. \ (n.) Specifically, the throes or travail of childbirth. \ (n.) Uneasiness of mind; mental distress; disquietude; anxiety; grief; solicitude; anguish. \ (n.) See Pains, labor, effort. \ (n.) To inflict suffering upon as a penalty; to punish. \ (n.) To put to bodily uneasiness or anguish; to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity; to torment; to torture; as, his dinner or his wound pained him; his stomach pained him. \ (n.) To render uneasy in mind; to disquiet; to distress; to grieve; as a child's faults pain his parents.
insert specially (adv.) In a special manner; particularly; especially. \ (adv.) For a particular purpose; as, a meeting of the legislature is specially summoned.
insert mine v. to dig useful or valuable substances out of the earth; n. a place in the earth where such substances are found; a bomb placed under the ground or under water so it cannot be seen \ (n.) See Mien. \ (pron. & a.) Belonging to me; my. Used as a pronominal to me; my. Used as a pronominal adjective in the predicate; as, "Vengeance is mine; I will repay." Rom. xii. 19. Also, in the old style, used attributively, instead of my, before a noun beginning with a vowel. \ (v. i.) To dig a mine or pit in the earth; to get ore, metals, coal, or precious stones, out of the earth; to dig in the earth for minerals; to dig a passage or cavity under anything in order to overthrow it by explosives or otherwise. \ (v. i.) To form subterraneous tunnel or hole; to form a burrow or lodge in the earth, the mining cony. \ (v. t.) To dig away, or otherwise remove, the substratum or foundation of; to lay a mine under; to sap; to undermine; hence, to ruin or destroy by slow degrees or secret means. \ (v. t.) To dig into, for ore or metal. \ (v. t.) To get, as metals, out of the earth by digging. \ (v. i.) A subterranean cavity or passage \ (v. i.) A pit or excavation in the earth, from which metallic ores, precious stones, or other mineral substances are taken by digging; -- distinguished from the pits from which stones for architectural purposes are taken, and which are called quarries. \ (v. i.) A cavity or tunnel made under a fortification or other work, for the purpose of blowing up the superstructure with some explosive agent. \ (v. i.) Any place where ore, or precious stones are got by digging or washing the soil, a placer mine. \ (v. i.) Fig.: A rich source of wealth or other good.
insert learned (imp. & p. p.) of Learn \ (a.) Of or pertaining to learning; possessing, or characterized by, learning, esp. scholastic learning; erudite; well-informed; as, a learned scholar, writer, or lawyer; a learned book; a learned theory.
insert market n. a place or area where goods are sold, bought or traded; an economic system in which the prices of things are decided by how many there are and how much money people are willing to pay for them \ (n.) A meeting together of people, at a stated time and place, for the purpose of traffic (as in cattle, provisions, wares, etc.) by private purchase and sale, and not by auction; as, a market is held in the town every week. \ (n.) A public place (as an open space in a town) or a large building, where a market is held; a market place or market house; esp., a place where provisions are sold. \ (n.) An opportunity for selling anything; demand, as shown by price offered or obtainable; a town, region, or country, where the demand exists, to find a market for one's wares; there is no market for woolen cloths in that region; India is a market for English goods. \ (n.) Exchange, or purchase and sale; traffic, a dull market; a slow market. \ (n.) The price for which a thing is sold in a market; market price. Hence: Value; worth. \ (n.) The privelege granted to a town of having a public market. \ (v. i.) To deal in a market; to buy or sell; to make bargains for provisions or goods. \ (v. t.) To expose for sale in a market; to traffic in; to sell in a market, and in an extended sense, to sell in any manner, most of the farmes have marketed their crops.
insert eighty (a.) Eight times ten; fourscore. \ (n.) The sum of eight times ten; eighty units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing eighty units, or ten eight times repeated, as 80 or lxxx.
insert precious (a.) Of great price; costly; as, a precious stone. \ (a.) Of great value or worth; very valuable; highly esteemed; dear; beloved, precious recollections. \ (a.) Particular; fastidious; overnice. \ (a.) Particular; overnice; overrefined. Cf. Precieuse, Preciosity.
insert smart (v. i.) To feel a lively, pungent local pain; -- said of some part of the body as the seat of irritation; as, my finger smarts; these wounds smart. \ (v. i.) To feel a pungent pain of mind; to feel sharp pain or grief; to suffer; to feel the sting of evil. \ (v. t.) To cause a smart in. \ (v. i.) Quick, pungent, lively pain; a pricking local pain, as the pain from puncture by nettles. \ (v. i.) Severe, pungent pain of mind; pungent grief, the smart of affliction. \ (v. i.) A fellow who affects smartness, briskness, and vivacity; a dandy. \ (v. i.) Smart money (see below). \ (v. i.) Causing a smart; pricking, a smart stroke or taste. \ (v. i.) Keen; severe; poignant, smart pain. \ (v. i.) Vigorous; sharp; severe. \ (v. i.) Accomplishing, or able to accomplish, results quickly; active; clever. \ (v. i.) Efficient; vigorous; brilliant. \ (v. i.) Marked by acuteness or shrewdness; quick in suggestion or reply; vivacious; witty, a smart reply; a smart saying. \ (v. i.) Pretentious; showy; spruce, a smart gown. \ (v. i.) Brisk; fresh, a smart breeze.
insert warn v. to tell of possible danger; to advise or inform about something bad that may happen \ (v. t.) To refuse. \ (v. t.) To make ware or aware; to give previous information to; to give notice to; to notify; to admonish; hence, to notify or summon by authority; as, to warn a town meeting; to warn a tenant to quit a house. \ (v. t.) To give notice to, of approaching or probable danger or evil; to caution against anything that may prove injurious. \ (v. t.) To ward off.
insert mouse (n.) Any one of numerous species of small rodents belonging to the genus Mus and various related genera of the family Muridae. The common house mouse (Mus musculus) is found in nearly all countries. The American white-footed, or deer, mouse (Hesperomys leucopus) sometimes lives in houses. See Dormouse, Meadow mouse, under Meadow, and Harvest mouse, under Harvest. \ (n.) A knob made on a rope with spun yarn or parceling to prevent a running eye from slipping. \ (n.) Same as 2d Mousing, 2. \ (n.) A familiar term of endearment. \ (n.) A dark-colored swelling caused by a blow. \ (n.) A match used in firing guns or blasting. \ (v. i.) To watch for and catch mice. \ (v. i.) To watch for or pursue anything in a sly manner; to pry about, on the lookout for something. \ (v. t.) To tear, as a cat devours a mouse. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a mouse; to secure by means of a mousing. See Mouse, n., 2.
insert adventure (n.) That which happens without design; chance; hazard; hap; hence, chance of danger or loss. \ (n.) Risk; danger; peril. \ (n.) The encountering of risks; hazardous and striking enterprise; a bold undertaking, in which hazards are to be encountered, and the issue is staked upon unforeseen events; a daring feat. \ (n.) A remarkable occurrence; a striking event; a stirring incident; as, the adventures of one's life. \ (n.) A mercantile or speculative enterprise of hazard; a venture; a shipment by a merchant on his own account. \ (n.) To risk, or hazard; jeopard; to venture. \ (n.) To venture upon; to run the risk of; to dare. \ (v. i.) To try the chance; to take the risk.
insert tough (superl.) Having the quality of flexibility without brittleness; yielding to force without breaking; capable of resisting great strain; as, the ligaments of animals are remarkably tough. \ (superl.) Not easily broken; able to endure hardship; firm; strong, tough sinews. \ (superl.) Not easily separated; viscous; clammy; tenacious, tough phlegm. \ (superl.) Stiff; rigid; not flexible; stubborn, a tough bow. \ (superl.) Severe; violent, a tough storm.
insert offer v. to present or propose; n. the act of presenting or proposing; that which is presented or proposed \ (v. t.) To present, as an act of worship; to immolate; to sacrifice; to present in prayer or devotion; -- often with up. \ (v. t.) To bring to or before; to hold out to; to present for acceptance or rejection; as, to offer a present, or a bribe; to offer one's self in marriage. \ (v. t.) To present in words; to proffer; to make a proposal of; to suggest, to offer an opinion. With the infinitive as an objective: To make an offer; to declare one's willingness, he offered to help me. \ (v. t.) To attempt; to undertake. \ (v. t.) To bid, as a price, reward, or wages, to offer a guinea for a ring; to offer a salary or reward. \ (v. t.) To put in opposition to; to manifest in an offensive way; to threaten, to offer violence, attack, etc. \ (v. i.) To present itself; to be at hand. \ (v. i.) To make an attempt; to make an essay or a trial; -- used with at. \ (v. t.) The act of offering, bringing forward, proposing, or bidding; a proffer; a first advance. \ (v. t.) That which is offered or brought forward; a proposal to be accepted or rejected; a sum offered; a bid. \ (v. t.) Attempt; endeavor; essay, he made an offer to catch the ball.
insert rich ad. having much money or goods; having plenty of something \ (superl.) Having an abundance of material possessions; possessed of a large amount of property; well supplied with land, goods, or money; wealthy; opulent; affluent; -- opposed to poor. \ (superl.) Hence, in general, well supplied; abounding; abundant; copious; bountiful; as, a rich treasury; a rich entertainment; a rich crop. \ (superl.) Yielding large returns; productive or fertile; fruitful, rich soil or land; a rich mine. \ (superl.) Composed of valuable or costly materials or ingredients; procured at great outlay; highly valued; precious; sumptuous; costly, a rich dress; rich silk or fur; rich presents. \ (superl.) Abounding in agreeable or nutritive qualities; -- especially applied to articles of food or drink which are high-seasoned or abound in oleaginous ingredients, or are sweet, luscious, and high-flavored, a rich dish; rich cream or soup; rich pastry; rich wine or fruit. \ (superl.) Not faint or delicate; vivid, a rich color. \ (superl.) Full of sweet and harmonius sounds, a rich voice; rich music. \ (superl.) Abounding in beauty; gorgeous, a rich landscape; rich scenery. \ (superl.) Abounding in humor; exciting amusement; entertaining, the scene was a rich one; a rich incident or character. \ (v. t.) To enrich.
insert each ad. every one by itself \ (a. \ (a. / a. pron.) Every one of the two or more individuals composing a number of objects, considered separately from the rest. It is used either with or without a following noun; as, each of you or each one of you. / a. pron.) Every; -- sometimes used interchangeably with every.
insert presence (n.) The state of being present, or of being within sight or call, or at hand; -- opposed to absence. \ (n.) The place in which one is present; the part of space within one's ken, call, influence, etc.; neighborhood without the intervention of anything that forbids intercourse. \ (n.) Specifically, neighborhood to the person of one of superior of exalted rank; also, presence chamber. \ (n.) The whole of the personal qualities of an individual; person; personality; especially, the person of a superior, as a sovereign. \ (n.) An assembly, especially of person of rank or nobility; noble company. \ (n.) Port, mien; air; personal appearence.
insert anxious (a.) Full of anxiety or disquietude; greatly concerned or solicitous, esp. respecting something future or unknown; being in painful suspense; -- applied to persons; as, anxious for the issue of a battle. \ (a.) Accompanied with, or causing, anxiety; worrying; -- applied to things, anxious labor. \ (a.) Earnestly desirous, anxious to please.
insert brother n. a male with the same father or mother as another person \ (n.) A male person who has the same father and mother with another person, or who has one of them only. In the latter case he is more definitely called a half brother, or brother of the half blood. \ (n.) One related or closely united to another by some common tie or interest, as of rank, profession, membership in a society, toil, suffering, etc.; -- used among judges, clergymen, monks, physicians, lawyers, professors of religion, etc. \ (n.) One who, or that which, resembles another in distinctive qualities or traits of character. \ (v. t.) To make a brother of; to call or treat as a brother; to admit to a brotherhood.
insert perform v. to speak, dance or sing in front of others \ (v. t.) To carry through; to bring to completion; to achieve; to accomplish; to execute; to do. \ (v. t.) To discharge; to fulfill; to act up to; as, to perform a duty; to perform a promise or a vow. \ (v. t.) To represent; to act; to play; as in drama. \ (v. i.) To do, execute, or accomplish something; to acquit one's self in any business; esp., to represent sometimes by action; to act a part; to play on a musical instrument, the players perform poorly; the musician performs on the organ.
insert ground n. land; the earth's surface; soil \ (imp. & p. p.) of Grind \ (n.) The surface of the earth; the outer crust of the globe, or some indefinite portion of it. \ (n.) A floor or pavement supposed to rest upon the earth. \ (n.) Any definite portion of the earth's surface; region; territory; country. Hence: A territory appropriated to, or resorted to, for a particular purpose; the field or place of action; as, a hunting or fishing ground; a play ground. \ (n.) Land; estate; possession; field; esp. (pl.), the gardens, lawns, fields, etc., belonging to a homestead, the grounds of the estate are well kept. \ (n.) The basis on which anything rests; foundation. Hence: The foundation of knowledge, belief, or conviction; a premise, reason, or datum; ultimate or first principle; cause of existence or occurrence; originating force or agency, the ground of my hope. \ (n.) That surface upon which the figures of a composition are set, and which relieves them by its plainness, being either of one tint or of tints but slightly contrasted with one another, crimson Bowers on a white ground. \ (n.) In sculpture, a flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief. \ (n.) In point lace, the net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied, Brussels ground. See Brussels lace, under Brussels. \ (n.) A gummy composition spread over the surface of a metal to be etched, to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle. \ (n.) One of the pieces of wood, flush with the plastering, to which moldings, are attached; -- usually in the plural. \ (n.) A composition in which the bass, consisting of a few bars of independent notes, is continually repeated to a varying melody. \ (n.) The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song. \ (n.) A conducting connection with the earth, whereby the earth is made part of an electrical circuit. \ (n.) Sediment at the bottom of liquors or liquids; dregs; lees; feces, coffee grounds. \ (n.) The pit of a theater. \ (v. t.) To lay, set, or run, on the ground. \ (v. t.) To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly. \ (v. t.) To instruct in elements or first principles. \ (v. t.) To connect with the ground so as to make the earth a part of an electrical circuit. \ (v. t.) To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching (see Ground, n., 5); or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament. \ (v. i.) To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed, the ship grounded on the bar. \ imp. & p. p. of Grind.
insert small ad. little in size or amount; few in number; not important; opposite large \ (superl.) Having little size, compared with other things of the same kind; little in quantity or degree; diminutive; not large or extended in dimension; not great; not much; inconsiderable; as, a small man; a small river. \ (superl.) Being of slight consequence; feeble in influence or importance; unimportant; trivial; insignificant, a small fault; a small business. \ (superl.) Envincing little worth or ability; not large-minded; -- sometimes, in reproach, paltry; mean. \ (superl.) Not prolonged in duration; not extended in time; short, after a small space. \ (superl.) Weak; slender; fine; gentle; soft; not loud. \ (adv.) In or to small extent, quantity, or degree; little; slightly. \ (adv.) Not loudly; faintly; timidly. \ (n.) The small or slender part of a thing, the small of the leg or of the back. \ (n.) Smallclothes. \ (n.) Same as Little go. See under Little, a. \ (v. t.) To make little or less.
insert path n. a narrow way for walking; a way along which something moves \ (n.) A trodden way; a footway. \ (n.) A way, course, or track, in which anything moves or has moved; route; passage; an established way; as, the path of a meteor, of a caravan, of a storm, of a pestilence. Also used figuratively, of a course of life or action. \ (v. t.) To make a path in, or on (something), or for (some one). \ (v. i.) To walk or go.
insert sheep n. a farm animal used for its meat and hair \ (n. sing. & pl.) Any one of several species of ruminants of the genus Ovis, native of the higher mountains of both hemispheres, but most numerous in Asia. \ (n. sing. & pl.) A weak, bashful, silly fellow. \ (n. sing. & pl.) Fig.: The people of God, as being under the government and protection of Christ, the great Shepherd.
insert kid (n.) A young goat. \ (n.) A young child or infant; hence, a simple person, easily imposed on. \ (n.) A kind of leather made of the skin of the young goat, or of the skin of rats, etc. \ (n.) Gloves made of kid. \ (n.) A small wooden mess tub; -- a name given by sailors to one in which they receive their food. \ (v. i.) To bring forth a young goat. \ (n.) A fagot; a bundle of heath and furze. \ (p. p.) of Kythe. \ (v. t.) See Kiddy, v. t. \ (n.) Among pugilists, thieves, etc., a youthful expert; -- chiefly used attributively; as, kid Jones.
insert mustard (n.) The name of several cruciferous plants of the genus Brassica (formerly Sinapis), as white mustard (B. alba), black mustard (B. Nigra), wild mustard or charlock (B. Sinapistrum). \ (n.) A powder or a paste made from the seeds of black or white mustard, used as a condiment and a rubefacient. Taken internally it is stimulant and diuretic, and in large doses is emetic.
insert dust n. pieces of matter so small that they can float in the air \ (n.) Fine, dry particles of earth or other matter, so comminuted that they may be raised and wafted by the wind; that which is crumbled too minute portions; fine powder; as, clouds of dust; bone dust. \ (n.) A single particle of earth or other matter. \ (n.) The earth, as the resting place of the dead. \ (n.) The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body. \ (n.) Figuratively, a worthless thing. \ (n.) Figuratively, a low or mean condition. \ (n.) Gold dust \ (n.) Coined money; cash. \ (v. t.) To free from dust; to brush, wipe, or sweep away dust from, to dust a table or a floor. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with dust. \ (v. t.) To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate.
insert trend (v. i.) To have a particular direction; to run; to stretch; to tend; as, the shore of the sea trends to the southwest. \ (v. t.) To cause to turn; to bend. \ (n.) Inclination in a particular direction; tendency; general direction, the trend of a coast. \ (v. t.) To cleanse, as wool. \ (n.) Clean wool.
insert parcel (n.) A portion of anything taken separately; a fragment of a whole; a part. \ (n.) A part; a portion; a piece; as, a certain piece of land is part and parcel of another piece. \ (n.) An indiscriminate or indefinite number, measure, or quantity; a collection; a group. \ (n.) A number or quantity of things put up together; a bundle; a package; a packet. \ (v. t.) To divide and distribute by parts or portions; -- often with out or into. \ (v. t.) To add a parcel or item to; to itemize. \ (v. t.) To make up into a parcel, to parcel a customer's purchases; the machine parcels yarn, wool, etc. \ (a. & adv.) Part or half; in part; partially. Shak. [Sometimes hyphened with the word following.]
insert keep v. to possess; to have for oneself \ (v. t.) To care; to desire. \ (v. t.) To hold; to restrain from departure or removal; not to let go of; to retain in one's power or possession; not to lose; to retain; to detain. \ (v. t.) To cause to remain in a given situation or condition; to maintain unchanged; to hold or preserve in any state or tenor. \ (v. t.) To have in custody; to have in some place for preservation; to take charge of. \ (v. t.) To preserve from danger, harm, or loss; to guard. \ (v. t.) To preserve from discovery or publicity; not to communicate, reveal, or betray, as a secret. \ (v. t.) To attend upon; to have the care of; to tend. \ (v. t.) To record transactions, accounts, or events in; as, to keep books, a journal, etc. ; also, to enter (as accounts, records, etc. ) in a book. \ (v. t.) To maintain, as an establishment, institution, or the like; to conduct; to manage, to keep store. \ (v. t.) To supply with necessaries of life; to entertain, to keep boarders. \ (v. t.) To have in one's service; to have and maintain, as an assistant, a servant, a mistress, a horse, etc. \ (v. t.) To have habitually in stock for sale. \ (v. t.) To continue in, as a course or mode of action; not to intermit or fall from; to hold to; to maintain, to keep silence; to keep one's word; to keep possession. \ (v. t.) To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; not to swerve from or violate; to practice or perform, as duty; not to neglect; to be faithful to. \ (v. t.) To confine one's self to; not to quit; to remain in, to keep one's house, room, bed; hence, to haunt; to frequent. \ (v. t.) To observe duty, as a festival; to celebrate; to solemnize, to keep a feast. \ (v. i.) To remain in any position or state; to continue; to abide; to stay, to keep at a distance; to keep aloft; to keep near; to keep in the house; to keep before or behind; to keep in favor; to keep out of company, or out reach. \ (v. i.) To last; to endure; to remain unimpaired. \ (v. i.) To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell. \ (v. i.) To take care; to be solicitous; to watch. \ (v. i.) To be in session, school keeps to-day. \ (n.) The act or office of keeping; custody; guard; care; heed; charge. \ (n.) The state of being kept, the resulting condition; case, to be in good keep. \ (n.) The means or provisions by which one is kept; maintenance; support, the keep of a horse. \ (n.) That which keeps or protects; a stronghold; a fortress; a castle; specifically, the strongest and securest part of a castle, often used as a place of residence by the lord of the castle, especially during a siege; the donjon. See Illust. of Castle. \ (n.) That which is kept in charge; a charge. \ (n.) A cap for retaining anything, as a journal box, in place.
insert fourteen (a.) Four and ten more; twice seven. \ (n.) The sum of ten and four; forteen units or objects. \ (n.) A symbol representing fourteen, as 14 or xiv.
insert pretend (v. t.) To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim. \ (v. t.) To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden. \ (v. t.) To hold out, or represent, falsely; to put forward, or offer, as true or real (something untrue or unreal); to show hypocritically, or for the purpose of deceiving; to simulate; to feign; as, to pretend friendship. \ (v. t.) To intend; to design; to plot; to attempt. \ (v. t.) To hold before one; to extend. \ (v. i.) To put in, or make, a claim, truly or falsely; to allege a title; to lay claim to, or strive after, something; -- usually with to. \ (v. i.) To hold out the appearance of being, possessing, or performing; to profess; to make believe; to sham, to pretend to be asleep.
insert ruler (n.) One who rules; one who exercises sway or authority; a governor. \ (n.) A straight or curved strip of wood, metal, etc., with a smooth edge, used for guiding a pen or pencil in drawing lines. Cf. Rule, n., 7 (a).
insert sentence v. to declare the punishment for a crime; n. the punishment for a crime \ (n.) Sense; meaning; significance. \ (n.) An opinion; a decision; a determination; a judgment, especially one of an unfavorable nature. \ (n.) A philosophical or theological opinion; a dogma; as, Summary of the Sentences; Book of the Sentences. \ (n.) In civil and admiralty law, the judgment of a court pronounced in a cause; in criminal and ecclesiastical courts, a judgment passed on a criminal by a court or judge; condemnation pronounced by a judgical tribunal; doom. In common law, the term is exclusively used to denote the judgment in criminal cases. \ (n.) A short saying, usually containing moral instruction; a maxim; an axiom; a saw. \ (n.) A combination of words which is complete as expressing a thought, and in writing is marked at the close by a period, or full point. See Proposition, 4. \ (v. t.) To pass or pronounce judgment upon; to doom; to condemn to punishment; to prescribe the punishment of. \ (v. t.) To decree or announce as a sentence. \ (v. t.) To utter sententiously.
insert message n. written or spoken news or information; a note from one person to another person or group \ (n.) Any notice, word, or communication, written or verbal, sent from one person to another. \ (n.) Hence, specifically, an official communication, not made in person, but delivered by a messenger; as, the President's message. \ (v. t.) To bear as a message. \ (n.) A messenger.
insert experience v. to live through an event, situation or condition ("She experienced great pain."); n. something that one has done or lived through ("The experience caused her great pain.") \ (n.) Trial, as a test or experiment. \ (n.) The effect upon the judgment or feelings produced by any event, whether witnessed or participated in; personal and direct impressions as contrasted with description or fancies; personal acquaintance; actual enjoyment or suffering. \ (n.) An act of knowledge, one or more, by which single facts or general truths are ascertained; experimental or inductive knowledge; hence, implying skill, facility, or practical wisdom gained by personal knowledge, feeling or action; as, a king without experience of war.
insert jelly (n.) Anything brought to a gelatinous condition; a viscous, translucent substance in a condition between liquid and solid; a stiffened solution of gelatin, gum, or the like. \ (n.) The juice of fruits or meats boiled with sugar to an elastic consistence; as, currant jelly; calf's-foot jelly. \ (v. i.) To become jelly; to come to the state or consistency of jelly.
insert landing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Land \ (a.) Of, pertaining to or used for, setting, bringing, or going, on shore. \ (n.) A going or bringing on shore. \ (n.) A place for landing, as from a ship, a carriage. etc. \ (n.) The level part of a staircase, at the top of a flight of stairs, or connecting one flight with another.
insert minute n. a measure of time; one of the sixty equal parts of an hour; sixty seconds \ (n.) The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, 4 h. 30 m.) \ (n.) The sixtieth part of a degree; sixty seconds (Marked thus ('); as, 10 20'). \ (n.) A nautical or a geographic mile. \ (n.) A coin; a half farthing. \ (n.) A very small part of anything, or anything very small; a jot; a tittle. \ (n.) A point of time; a moment. \ (n.) The memorandum; a record; a note to preserve the memory of anything; as, to take minutes of a contract; to take minutes of a conversation or debate. \ (n.) A fixed part of a module. See Module. \ (a.) Of or pertaining to a minute or minutes; occurring at or marking successive minutes. \ (p. pr. & vb. n.) To set down a short sketch or note of; to jot down; to make a minute or a brief summary of. \ (a.) Very small; little; tiny; fine; slight; slender; inconsiderable. \ (a.) Attentive to small things; paying attention to details; critical; particular; precise, a minute observer; minute observation.
insert hunter (n.) One who hunts wild animals either for sport or for food; a huntsman. \ (n.) A dog that scents game, or is trained to the chase; a hunting dog. \ (n.) A horse used in the chase; especially, a thoroughbred, bred and trained for hunting. \ (n.) One who hunts or seeks after anything, as if for game; as, a fortune hunter a place hunter. \ (n.) A kind of spider. See Hunting spider, under Hunting. \ (n.) A hunting watch, or one of which the crystal is protected by a metallic cover.
insert breakfast (n.) The first meal in the day, or that which is eaten at the first meal. \ (n.) A meal after fasting, or food in general. \ (v. i.) To break one's fast in the morning; too eat the first meal in the day. \ (v. t.) To furnish with breakfast.
insert tip (n.) The point or extremity of anything; a pointed or somewhat sharply rounded end; the end; as, the tip of the finger; the tip of a spear. \ (n.) An end piece or part; a piece, as a cap, nozzle, ferrule, or point, applied to the extreme end of anything, a tip for an umbrella, a shoe, a gas burner, etc. \ (n.) A piece of stiffened lining pasted on the inside of a hat crown. \ (n.) A thin, boarded brush made of camel's hair, used by gilders in lifting gold leaf. \ (n.) Rubbish thrown from a quarry. \ (v. t.) To form a point upon; to cover the tip, top, or end of, to tip anything with gold or silver. \ (v. t.) To strike slightly; to tap. \ (v. t.) To bestow a gift, or douceur, upon; to give a present to, to tip a servant. \ (v. t.) To lower one end of, or to throw upon the end; to tilt, to tip a cask; to tip a cart. \ (v. i.) To fall on, or incline to, one side. \ (n.) A light touch or blow; a tap. \ (n.) A gift; a douceur; a fee. \ (n.) A hint, or secret intimation, as to the chances in a horse race, or the like.
insert dial (n.) An instrument, formerly much used for showing the time of day from the shadow of a style or gnomon on a graduated arc or surface; esp., a sundial; but there are lunar and astral dials. The style or gnomon is usually parallel to the earth's axis, but the dial plate may be either horizontal or vertical. \ (n.) The graduated face of a timepiece, on which the time of day is shown by pointers or hands. \ (n.) A miner's compass. \ (v. t.) To measure with a dial. \ (v. t.) To survey with a dial.
insert fat n. tissue in the bodies of humans and animals used to store energy and to keep warm; ad. thick; heavy \ (n.) A large tub, cistern, or vessel; a vat. \ (n.) A measure of quantity, differing for different commodities. \ (superl.) Abounding with fat \ (superl.) Fleshy; characterized by fatness; plump; corpulent; not lean; as, a fat man; a fat ox. \ (superl.) Oily; greasy; unctuous; rich; -- said of food. \ (superl.) Exhibiting the qualities of a fat animal; coarse; heavy; gross; dull; stupid. \ (superl.) Fertile; productive, a fat soil; a fat pasture. \ (superl.) Rich; producing a large income; desirable, a fat benefice; a fat office; a fat job. \ (superl.) Abounding in riches; affluent; fortunate. \ (superl.) Of a character which enables the compositor to make large wages; -- said of matter containing blank, cuts, or many leads, etc., a fat take; a fat page. \ (n.) An oily liquid or greasy substance making up the main bulk of the adipose tissue of animals, and widely distributed in the seeds of plants. See Adipose tissue, under Adipose. \ (n.) The best or richest productions; the best part, to live on the fat of the land. \ (n.) Work. containing much blank, or its equivalent, and, therefore, profitable to the compositor. \ (a.) To make fat; to fatten; to make plump and fleshy with abundant food, to fat fowls or sheep. \ (v. i.) To grow fat, and fleshy.
insert salesman (n.) One who sells anything; one whose occupation is to sell goods or merchandise.
insert author (n.) The beginner, former, or first mover of anything; hence, the efficient cause of a thing; a creator; an originator. \ (n.) One who composes or writes a book; a composer, as distinguished from an editor, translator, or compiler. \ (n.) The editor of a periodical. \ (n.) An informant. \ (v. t.) To occasion; to originate. \ (v. t.) To tell; to say; to declare.
insert valley n. a long area of land between higher areas of land \ (n.) The space inclosed between ranges of hills or mountains; the strip of land at the bottom of the depressions intersecting a country, including usually the bed of a stream, with frequently broad alluvial plains on one or both sides of the stream. Also used figuratively. \ (n.) The place of meeting of two slopes of a roof, which have their plates running in different directions, and form on the plan a reentrant angle. \ (n.) The depression formed by the meeting of two slopes on a flat roof.
insert remind (v. t.) To put (one) in mind of something; to bring to the remembrance of; to bring to the notice or consideration of (a person).
insert breast (n.) The fore part of the body, between the neck and the belly; the chest; as, the breast of a man or of a horse. \ (n.) Either one of the protuberant glands, situated on the front of the chest or thorax in the female of man and of some other mammalia, in which milk is secreted for the nourishment of the young; a mamma; a teat. \ (n.) Anything resembling the human breast, or bosom; the front or forward part of anything, a chimney breast; a plow breast; the breast of a hill. \ (n.) The face of a coal working. \ (n.) The front of a furnace. \ (n.) The seat of consciousness; the repository of thought and self-consciousness, or of secrets; the seat of the affections and passions; the heart. \ (n.) The power of singing; a musical voice; -- so called, probably, from the connection of the voice with the lungs, which lie within the breast. \ (v. t.) To meet, with the breast; to struggle with or oppose manfully, to breast the storm or waves. \ (n.) A torus.
insert attend v. to be present at \ (v. t.) To direct the attention to; to fix the mind upon; to give heed to; to regard. \ (v. t.) To care for; to look after; to take charge of; to watch over. \ (v. t.) To go or stay with, as a companion, nurse, or servant; to visit professionally, as a physician; to accompany or follow in order to do service; to escort; to wait on; to serve. \ (v. t.) To be present with; to accompany; to be united or consequent to; as, a measure attended with ill effects. \ (v. t.) To be present at, to attend church, school, a concert, a business meeting. \ (v. t.) To wait for; to await; to remain, abide, or be in store for. \ (v. i.) To apply the mind, or pay attention, with a view to perceive, understand, or comply; to pay regard; to heed; to listen; -- usually followed by to. \ (v. i.) To accompany or be present or near at hand, in pursuance of duty; to be ready for service; to wait or be in waiting; -- often followed by on or upon. \ (v. i.) (with to) To take charge of, to attend to a matter of business. \ (v. i.) To wait; to stay; to delay.
insert interesting (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Interest \ (a.) Engaging the attention; exciting, or adapted to excite, interest, curiosity, or emotion; as, an interesting story; interesting news.
insert percent n. a part of every hundred ("Ten is ten percent of one hundred.")
insert worse ad. more bad than \ (compar.) Bad, ill, evil, or corrupt, in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically, in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense. \ (n.) Loss; disadvantage; defeat. \ (n.) That which is worse; something less good; as, think not the worse of him for his enterprise. \ (a.) In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad. \ (v. t.) To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst. See Worst, v.
insert sick ad. suffering physically or mentally with a disease or other problem; not in good health \ (superl.) Affected with disease of any kind; ill; indisposed; not in health. See the Synonym under Illness. \ (superl.) Affected with, or attended by, nausea; inclined to vomit; as, sick at the stomach; a sick headache. \ (superl.) Having a strong dislike; disgusted; surfeited; -- with of, to be sick of flattery. \ (superl.) Corrupted; imperfect; impaired; weakned. \ (n.) Sickness. \ (v. i.) To fall sick; to sicken.
insert sunny (superl.) Of or pertaining to the sun; proceeding from, or resembling the sun; hence, shining; bright; brilliant; radiant. \ (superl.) Exposed to the rays of the sun; brightened or warmed by the direct rays of the sun; as, a sunny room; the sunny side of a hill. \ (superl.) Cheerful; genial, a sunny disposition. \ (n.) See Sunfish (b).
insert palace (n.) The residence of a sovereign, including the lodgings of high officers of state, and rooms for business, as well as halls for ceremony and reception. \ (n.) The official residence of a bishop or other distinguished personage. \ (n.) Loosely, any unusually magnificent or stately house.
insert cheese (n.) The curd of milk, coagulated usually with rennet, separated from the whey, and pressed into a solid mass in a hoop or mold. \ (n.) A mass of pomace, or ground apples, pressed together in the form of a cheese. \ (n.) The flat, circular, mucilaginous fruit of the dwarf mallow (Malva rotundifolia). \ (n.) A low courtesy; -- so called on account of the cheese form assumed by a woman's dress when she stoops after extending the skirts by a rapid gyration.
insert walking (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Walk \ a. & n. from Walk, v.
insert air n. the mixture of gases around the earth, mostly nitrogen and oxygen, that we breathe \ (n.) The fluid which we breathe, and which surrounds the earth; the atmosphere. It is invisible, inodorous, insipid, transparent, compressible, elastic, and ponderable. \ (n.) Symbolically: Something unsubstantial, light, or volatile. \ (n.) A particular state of the atmosphere, as respects heat, cold, moisture, etc., or as affecting the sensations; as, a smoky air, a damp air, the morning air, etc. \ (n.) Any aeriform body; a gas, oxygen was formerly called vital air. \ (n.) Air in motion; a light breeze; a gentle wind. \ (n.) Odoriferous or contaminated air. \ (n.) That which surrounds and influences. \ (n.) Utterance abroad; publicity; vent. \ (n.) Intelligence; information. \ (n.) A musical idea, or motive, rhythmically developed in consecutive single tones, so as to form a symmetrical and balanced whole, which may be sung by a single voice to the stanzas of a hymn or song, or even to plain prose, or played upon an instrument; a melody; a tune; an aria. \ (n.) In harmonized chorals, psalmody, part songs, the part which bears the tune or melody -- in modern harmony usually the upper part -- is sometimes called the air. \ (n.) The peculiar look, appearance, and bearing of a person; mien; demeanor, the air of a youth; a heavy air; a lofty air. \ (n.) Peculiar appearance; apparent character; semblance; manner; style. \ (n.) An artificial or affected manner; show of pride or vanity; haughtiness, it is said of a person, he puts on airs. \ (n.) The representation or reproduction of the effect of the atmospheric medium through which every object in nature is viewed. \ (n.) Carriage; attitude; action; movement, the head of that portrait has a good air. \ (n.) The artificial motion or carriage of a horse. \ (n.) To expose to the air for the purpose of cooling, refreshing, or purifying; to ventilate, to air a room. \ (n.) To expose for the sake of public notice; to display ostentatiously, to air one's opinion. \ (n.) To expose to heat, for the purpose of expelling dampness, or of warming, to air linen; to air liquors.
insert high ad. tall; far up; far above the ground; important; above others \ (v. i.) To hie. \ (superl.) Elevated above any starting point of measurement, as a line, or surface; having altitude; lifted up; raised or extended in the direction of the zenith; lofty; tall; as, a high mountain, tower, tree; the sun is high. \ (superl.) Regarded as raised up or elevated; distinguished; remarkable; conspicuous; superior; -- used indefinitely or relatively, and often in figurative senses, which are understood from the connection \ (superl.) Elevated in character or quality, whether moral or intellectual; preeminent; honorable, high aims, or motives. \ (superl.) Exalted in social standing or general estimation, or in rank, reputation, office, and the like; dignified, she was welcomed in the highest circles. \ (superl.) Of noble birth; illustrious, of high family. \ (superl.) Of great strength, force, importance; strong; mighty; powerful; violent; sometimes, triumphant; victorious; majestic, etc., a high wind; high passions. \ (superl.) Very abstract; difficult to comprehend or surmount; grand; noble. \ (superl.) Costly; dear in price; extravagant, to hold goods at a high price. \ (superl.) Arrogant; boastful; proud; ostentatious; -- used in a bad sense. \ (superl.) Possessing a characteristic quality in a supreme or superior degree, high (i. e., intense) heat; high (i. e., full or quite) noon; high (i. e., rich or spicy) seasoning; high (i. e., complete) pleasure; high (i. e., deep or vivid) color; high (i. e., extensive, thorough) scholarship, etc. \ (superl.) Strong-scented; slightly tainted, epicures do not cook game before it is high. \ (superl.) Acute or sharp; -- opposed to grave or low, a high note. \ (superl.) Made with a high position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate, as \ (adv.) In a high manner; in a high place; to a great altitude; to a great degree; largely; in a superior manner; eminently; powerfully. \ (n.) An elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven. \ (n.) People of rank or high station, high and low. \ (n.) The highest card dealt or drawn. \ (v. i.) To rise, the sun higheth. / (/ve), / (f/d). See Guide to Pronunciation, // 10, 11.
insert democratic (a.) Pertaining to democracy; favoring democracy, or constructed upon the principle of government by the people. \ (a.) Relating to a political party so called. \ (a.) Befitting the common people; -- opposed to aristocratic.
insert dozen (pl. ) of Dozen \ (n.) A collection of twelve objects; a tale or set of twelve; with or without of before the substantive which follows. \ (n.) An indefinite small number.
insert approve v. to agree with; to agree to support \ (v. t.) To show to be real or true; to prove. \ (v. t.) To make proof of; to demonstrate; to prove or show practically. \ (v. t.) To sanction officially; to ratify; to confirm; as, to approve the decision of a court-martial. \ (v. t.) To regard as good; to commend; to be pleased with; to think well of, we approve the measured of the administration. \ (v. t.) To make or show to be worthy of approbation or acceptance. \ (v. t.) To make profit of; to convert to one's own profit; -- said esp. of waste or common land appropriated by the lord of the manor.
insert bed n. a sleeping place \ (n.) An article of furniture to sleep or take rest in or on; a couch. Specifically: A sack or mattress, filled with some soft material, in distinction from the bedstead on which it is placed (as, a feather bed), or this with the bedclothes added. In a general sense, any thing or place used for sleeping or reclining on or in, as a quantity of hay, straw, leaves, or twigs. \ (n.) (Used as the symbol of matrimony) Marriage. \ (n.) A plat or level piece of ground in a garden, usually a little raised above the adjoining ground. \ (n.) A mass or heap of anything arranged like a bed; as, a bed of ashes or coals. \ (n.) The bottom of a watercourse, or of any body of water, the bed of a river. \ (n.) A layer or seam, or a horizontal stratum between layers, a bed of coal, iron, etc. \ (n.) See Gun carriage, and Mortar bed. \ (n.) The horizontal surface of a building stone, the upper and lower beds. \ (n.) A course of stone or brick in a wall. \ (n.) The place or material in which a block or brick is laid. \ (n.) The lower surface of a brick, slate, or tile. \ (n.) The foundation or the more solid and fixed part or framing of a machine; or a part on which something is laid or supported, the bed of an engine. \ (n.) The superficial earthwork, or ballast, of a railroad. \ (n.) The flat part of the press, on which the form is laid. \ (v. t.) To place in a bed. \ (v. t.) To make partaker of one's bed; to cohabit with. \ (v. t.) To furnish with a bed or bedding. \ (v. t.) To plant or arrange in beds; to set, or cover, as in a bed of soft earth, to bed the roots of a plant in mold. \ (v. t.) To lay or put in any hollow place, or place of rest and security, surrounded or inclosed; to embed; to furnish with or place upon a bed or foundation, to bed a stone; it was bedded on a rock. \ (v. t.) To dress or prepare the surface of stone) so as to serve as a bed. \ (v. t.) To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position. \ (v. i.) To go to bed; to cohabit.
insert leg (n.) A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot. \ (n.) That which resembles a leg in form or use; especially, any long and slender support on which any object rests; as, the leg of a table; the leg of a pair of compasses or dividers. \ (n.) The part of any article of clothing which covers the leg, the leg of a stocking or of a pair of trousers. \ (n.) A bow, esp. in the phrase to make a leg; probably from drawing the leg backward in bowing. \ (n.) A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg. \ (n.) The course and distance made by a vessel on one tack or between tacks. \ (n.) An extension of the boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; -- called also water leg. \ (n.) The case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets. \ (n.) A fielder whose position is on the outside, a little in rear of the batter. \ (v. t.) To use as a leg, with it as object \ (v. t.) To bow. \ (v. t.) To run. \ (n.) Either side of a triangle of a triangle as distinguished from the base or, in a right triangle, from the hypotenuse; also, an indefinitely extending branch of a curve, as of a hyperbola. \ (n.) A branch or lateral circuit connecting an instrument with the main line. \ (n.) A branch circuit; one phase of a polyphase system.
insert hammer (n.) An instrument for driving nails, beating metals, and the like, consisting of a head, usually of steel or iron, fixed crosswise to a handle. \ (n.) Something which in firm or action resembles the common hammer \ (n.) That part of a clock which strikes upon the bell to indicate the hour. \ (n.) The padded mallet of a piano, which strikes the wires, to produce the tones. \ (n.) The malleus. \ (n.) That part of a gunlock which strikes the percussion cap, or firing pin; the cock; formerly, however, a piece of steel covering the pan of a flintlock musket and struck by the flint of the cock to ignite the priming. \ (n.) Also, a person of thing that smites or shatters; as, St. Augustine was the hammer of heresies. \ (v. t.) To beat with a hammer; to beat with heavy blows, to hammer iron. \ (v. t.) To form or forge with a hammer; to shape by beating. \ (v. t.) To form in the mind; to shape by hard intellectual labor; -- usually with out. \ (v. i.) To be busy forming anything; to labor hard as if shaping something with a hammer. \ (v. i.) To strike repeated blows, literally or figuratively. \ (n.) A spherical weight attached to a flexible handle and hurled from a mark or ring. The weight of head and handle is usually not less than 16 pounds.
insert faith (n.) Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another, resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony. \ (n.) The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another, on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief, on probable evidence of any kind, especially in regard to important moral truth. \ (n.) The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative, and the supernatural origin of its teachings, sometimes called historical and speculative faith. \ (n.) The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures, with a practical love of them; especially, that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ, which affects the character and life, and makes a man a true Christian, -- called a practical, evangelical, or saving faith. \ (n.) That which is believed on any subject, whether in science, politics, or religion; especially (Theol.), a system of religious belief of any kind; as, the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially, the system of truth taught by Christ, the Christian faith; also, the creed or belief of a Christian society or church. \ (n.) Fidelity to one's promises, or allegiance to duty, or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty. \ (n.) Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity, he violated his faith. \ (n.) Credibility or truth. \ (interj.) By my faith; in truth; verily.
insert spice (n.) Species; kind. \ (n.) A vegetable production of many kinds, fragrant or aromatic and pungent to the taste, as pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, mace, allspice, ginger, cloves, etc., which are used in cookery and to flavor sauces, pickles, etc. \ (n.) Figuratively, that which enriches or alters the quality of a thing in a small degree, as spice alters the taste of food; that which gives zest or pungency; a slight flavoring; a relish; hence, a small quantity or admixture; a sprinkling; as, a spice of mischief. \ (v. t.) To season with spice, or as with spice; to mix aromatic or pungent substances with; to flavor; to season, to spice wine; to spice one's words with wit. \ (v. t.) To fill or impregnate with the odor of spices. \ (v. t.) To render nice or dainty, to render scrupulous.
insert fortunate (n.) Coming by good luck or favorable chance; bringing some good thing not foreseen as certain; presaging happiness; auspicious; as, a fortunate event; a fortunate concurrence of circumstances; a fortunate investment. \ (n.) Receiving same unforeseen or unexpected good, or some good which was not dependent on one's own skill or efforts; favored with good forune; lucky.
insert proposal (n.) That which is proposed, or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as, to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage. \ (n.) The offer by a party of what he has in view as to an intended business transaction, which, with acceptance, constitutes a contract.
insert listener (n.) One who listens; a hearkener.
insert shall (v. i. & auxiliary.) To owe; to be under obligation for. \ (v. i. & auxiliary.) To be obliged; must. \ (v. i. & auxiliary.) As an auxiliary, shall indicates a duty or necessity whose obligation is derived from the person speaking; as, you shall go; he shall go; that is, I order or promise your going. It thus ordinarily expresses, in the second and third persons, a command, a threat, or a promise. If the auxillary be emphasized, the command is made more imperative, the promise or that more positive and sure. It is also employed in the language of prophecy, "the day shall come when . . . , " since a promise or threat and an authoritative prophecy nearly coincide in significance. In shall with the first person, the necessity of the action is sometimes implied as residing elsewhere than in the speaker, I shall suffer; we shall see; and there is always a less distinct and positive assertion of his volition than is indicated by will. "I shall go" implies nearly a simple futurity; more exactly, a foretelling or an expectation of my going, in which, naturally enough, a certain degree of plan or intention may be included; emphasize the shall, and the event is described as certain to occur, and the expression approximates in meaning to our emphatic "I will go." In a question, the relation of speaker and source of obligation is of course transferred to the person addressed, "Shall you go?" (answer, "I shall go"); "Shall he go?" i. e., "Do you require or promise his going?" (answer, "He shall go".) The same relation is transferred to either second or third person in such phrases as "You say, or think;" "He says, or thinks, he shall go." After a conditional conjunction (as if, whether) shall is used in all persons to express futurity simply, if I, you, or he shall say they are right. Should is everywhere used in the same connection and the same senses as shall, as its imperfect. It also expresses duty or moral obligation, he should do it whether he will or not. In the early English, and hence in our English Bible, shall is the auxiliary mainly used, in all the persons, to express simple futurity. (Cf. Will, v. t.) Shall may be used elliptically; thus, with an adverb or other word expressive of motion go may be omitted.
insert avenue (n.) A way or opening for entrance into a place; a passage by which a place may by reached; a way of approach or of exit. \ (n.) The principal walk or approach to a house which is withdrawn from the road, especially, such approach bordered on each side by trees; any broad passageway thus bordered. \ (n.) A broad street; as, the Fifth Avenue in New York.
insert church (n.) A building set apart for Christian worship. \ (n.) A Jewish or heathen temple. \ (n.) A formally organized body of Christian believers worshiping together. \ (n.) A body of Christian believers, holding the same creed, observing the same rites, and acknowledging the same ecclesiastical authority; a denomination; as, the Roman Catholic church; the Presbyterian church. \ (n.) The collective body of Christians. \ (n.) Any body of worshipers, the Jewish church; the church of Brahm. \ (n.) The aggregate of religious influences in a community; ecclesiastical influence, authority, etc., to array the power of the church against some moral evil. \ (v. t.) To bless according to a prescribed form, or to unite with in publicly returning thanks in church, as after deliverance from the dangers of childbirth, the churching of women.
insert cheerful (a.) Having or showing good spirits or joy; cheering; cheery; contented; happy; joyful; lively; animated; willing.
insert human ad. of or about people \ (a.) Belonging to man or mankind; having the qualities or attributes of a man; of or pertaining to man or to the race of man; as, a human voice; human shape; human nature; human sacrifices. \ (n.) A human being.
insert entrance (n.) The act of entering or going into; ingress; as, the entrance of a person into a house or an apartment; hence, the act of taking possession, as of property, or of office, the entrance of an heir upon his inheritance, or of a magistrate into office. \ (n.) Liberty, power, or permission to enter, to give entrance to friends. \ (n.) The passage, door, or gate, for entering. \ (n.) The entering upon; the beginning, or that with which the beginning is made; the commencement; initiation, a difficult entrance into business. \ (n.) The causing to be entered upon a register, as a ship or goods, at a customhouse; an entering, his entrance of the arrival was made the same day. \ (n.) The angle which the bow of a vessel makes with the water at the water line. \ (n.) The bow, or entire wedgelike forepart of a vessel, below the water line. \ (v. t.) To put into a trance; to make insensible to present objects. \ (v. t.) To put into an ecstasy; to ravish with delight or wonder; to enrapture; to charm.
insert hard ad. not easily cut or broken; solid; difficult to do or understand; needing much effort or force \ (superl.) Not easily penetrated, cut, or separated into parts; not yielding to pressure; firm; compact; -- applied to material bodies, and opposed to soft; as, hard wood; hard flesh; a hard apple. \ (superl.) Difficult, mentally or judicially; not easily apprehended, decided, or resolved; as a hard problem. \ (superl.) Difficult to accomplish; full of obstacles; laborious; fatiguing; arduous, a hard task; a disease hard to cure. \ (superl.) Difficult to resist or control; powerful. \ (superl.) Difficult to bear or endure; not easy to put up with or consent to; hence, severe; rigorous; oppressive; distressing; unjust; grasping, a hard lot; hard times; hard fare; a hard winter; hard conditions or terms. \ (superl.) Difficult to please or influence; stern; unyielding; obdurate; unsympathetic; unfeeling; cruel, a hard master; a hard heart; hard words; a hard character. \ (superl.) Not easy or agreeable to the taste; stiff; rigid; ungraceful; repelling, a hard style. \ (superl.) Rough; acid; sour, as liquors, hard cider. \ (superl.) Abrupt or explosive in utterance; not aspirated, sibilated, or pronounced with a gradual change of the organs from one position to another; -- said of certain consonants, as c in came, and g in go, as distinguished from the same letters in center, general, etc. \ (superl.) Wanting softness or smoothness of utterance; harsh, a hard tone. \ (superl.) Rigid in the drawing or distribution of the figures; formal; lacking grace of composition. \ (superl.) Having disagreeable and abrupt contrasts in the coloring or light and shade. \ (adv.) With pressure; with urgency, diligently; earnestly. \ (adv.) With difficulty, the vehicle moves hard. \ (adv.) Uneasily; vexatiously; slowly. \ (adv.) So as to raise difficulties. \ (adv.) With tension or strain of the powers; violently; with force; tempestuously; vehemently; vigorously; energetically, to press, to blow, to rain hard, rapidly, to run hard. \ (adv.) Close or near. \ (v. t.) To harden; to make hard. \ (n.) A ford or passage across a river or swamp.
insert pure ad. free from anything that is different or that reduces value; clean \ (superl.) Separate from all heterogeneous or extraneous matter; free from mixture or combination; clean; mere; simple; unmixed; as, pure water; pure clay; pure air; pure compassion. \ (superl.) Free from moral defilement or quilt; hence, innocent; guileless; chaste; -- applied to persons. \ (superl.) Free from that which harms, vitiates, weakens, or pollutes; genuine; real; perfect; -- applied to things and actions. \ (superl.) Ritually clean; fitted for holy services. \ (superl.) Of a single, simple sound or tone; -- said of some vowels and the unaspirated consonants.
insert start v. to begin; to make something begin \ (v. i.) To leap; to jump. \ (v. i.) To move suddenly, as with a spring or leap, from surprise, pain, or other sudden feeling or emotion, or by a voluntary act. \ (v. i.) To set out; to commence a course, as a race or journey; to begin; as, to start business. \ (v. i.) To become somewhat displaced or loosened, a rivet or a seam may start under strain or pressure. \ (v. t.) To cause to move suddenly; to disturb suddenly; to startle; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee or fly, the hounds started a fox. \ (v. t.) To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent. \ (v. t.) To cause to move or act; to set going, running, or flowing, to start a railway train; to start a mill; to start a stream of water; to start a rumor; to start a business. \ (v. t.) To move suddenly from its place or position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate, to start a bone; the storm started the bolts in the vessel. \ (v. t.) To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from, to start a water cask. \ (n.) The act of starting; a sudden spring, leap, or motion, caused by surprise, fear, or the like; any sudden motion, or beginning of motion. \ (n.) A convulsive motion, twitch, or spasm; a spasmodic effort. \ (n.) A sudden, unexpected movement; a sudden and capricious impulse; a sally, starts of fancy. \ (n.) The beginning, as of a journey or a course of action; first motion from a place; act of setting out; the outset; -- opposed to finish. \ (v. i.) A tail, or anything projecting like a tail. \ (v. i.) The handle, or tail, of a plow; also, any long handle. \ (v. i.) The curved or inclined front and bottom of a water-wheel bucket. \ (v. i.) The arm, or level, of a gin, drawn around by a horse.
insert income (n.) A coming in; entrance; admittance; ingress; infusion. \ (n.) That which is caused to enter; inspiration; influence; hence, courage or zeal imparted. \ (n.) That gain which proceeds from labor, business, property, or capital of any kind, as the produce of a farm, the rent of houses, the proceeds of professional business, the profits of commerce or of occupation, or the interest of money or stock in funds, etc.; revenue; receipts; salary; especially, the annual receipts of a private person, or a corporation, from property; as, a large income. \ (n.) That which is taken into the body as food; the ingesta; -- sometimes restricted to the nutritive, or digestible, portion of the food. See Food. Opposed to output.
insert section (n.) The act of cutting, or separation by cutting; as, the section of bodies. \ (n.) A part separated from something; a division; a portion; a slice. \ (n.) A distinct part or portion of a book or writing; a subdivision of a chapter; the division of a law or other writing; a paragraph; an article; hence, the character /, often used to denote such a division. \ (n.) A distinct part of a country or people, community, class, or the like; a part of a territory separated by geographical lines, or of a people considered as distinct. \ (n.) One of the portions, of one square mile each, into which the public lands of the United States are divided; one thirty-sixth part of a township. These sections are subdivided into quarter sections for sale under the homestead and preemption laws. \ (n.) The figure made up of all the points common to a superficies and a solid which meet, or to two superficies which meet, or to two lines which meet. In the first case the section is a superficies, in the second a line, and in the third a point. \ (n.) A division of a genus; a group of species separated by some distinction from others of the same genus; -- often indicated by the sign /. \ (n.) A part of a musical period, composed of one or more phrases. See Phrase. \ (n.) The description or representation of anything as it would appear if cut through by any intersecting plane; depiction of what is beyond a plane passing through, or supposed to pass through, an object, as a building, a machine, a succession of strata; profile.
insert eastern (a.) Situated or dwelling in the east; oriental; as, an eastern gate; Eastern countries. \ (a.) Going toward the east, or in the direction of east, an eastern voyage.
insert know v. to understand something as correct; to have the facts about; to recognize someone because you have met and talked together before \ (n.) Knee. \ (v. i.) To perceive or apprehend clearly and certainly; to understand; to have full information of; as, to know one's duty. \ (v. i.) To be convinced of the truth of; to be fully assured of, to know things from information. \ (v. i.) To be acquainted with; to be no stranger to; to be more or less familiar with the person, character, etc., of; to possess experience of, to know an author; to know the rules of an organization. \ (v. i.) To recognize; to distinguish; to discern the character of, to know a person's face or figure. \ (v. i.) To have sexual commerce with. \ (v. i.) To have knowledge; to have a clear and certain perception; to possess wisdom, instruction, or information; -- often with of. \ (v. i.) To be assured; to feel confident.
insert equally (adv.) In an equal manner or degree in equal shares or proportion; with equal and impartial justice; without difference; alike; evenly; justly; as, equally taxed, furnished, etc.
insert temper (v. t.) To mingle in due proportion; to prepare by combining; to modify, as by adding some new element; to qualify, as by an ingredient; hence, to soften; to mollify; to assuage; to soothe; to calm. \ (v. t.) To fit together; to adjust; to accomodate. \ (v. t.) To bring to a proper degree of hardness; as, to temper iron or steel. \ (v. t.) To govern; to manage. \ (v. t.) To moisten to a proper consistency and stir thoroughly, as clay for making brick, loam for molding, etc. \ (v. t.) To adjust, as the mathematical scale to the actual scale, or to that in actual use. \ (n.) The state of any compound substance which results from the mixture of various ingredients; due mixture of different qualities; just combination, the temper of mortar. \ (n.) Constitution of body; temperament; in old writers, the mixture or relative proportion of the four humors, blood, choler, phlegm, and melancholy. \ (n.) Disposition of mind; the constitution of the mind, particularly with regard to the passions and affections, a calm temper; a hasty temper; a fretful temper. \ (n.) Calmness of mind; moderation; equanimity; composure, to keep one's temper. \ (n.) Heat of mind or passion; irritation; proneness to anger; -- in a reproachful sense. \ (n.) The state of a metal or other substance, especially as to its hardness, produced by some process of heating or cooling, the temper of iron or steel. \ (n.) Middle state or course; mean; medium. \ (n.) Milk of lime, or other substance, employed in the process formerly used to clarify sugar. \ (v. i.) To accord; to agree; to act and think in conformity. \ (v. i.) To have or get a proper or desired state or quality; to grow soft and pliable.
insert patient n. a person being treated by a doctor for a health problem \ (a.) Having the quality of enduring; physically able to suffer or bear. \ (a.) Undergoing pains, trails, or the like, without murmuring or fretfulness; bearing up with equanimity against trouble; long-suffering. \ (a.) Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent; as, patient endeavor. \ (a.) Expectant with calmness, or without discontent; not hasty; not overeager; composed. \ (a.) Forbearing; long-suffering. \ (n.) ONe who, or that which, is passively affected; a passive recipient. \ (n.) A person under medical or surgical treatment; -- correlative to physician or nurse. \ (v. t.) To compose, to calm.
insert quarrel (n.) An arrow for a crossbow; -- so named because it commonly had a square head. \ (n.) Any small square or quadrangular member \ (n.) A square of glass, esp. when set diagonally. \ (n.) A small opening in window tracery, of which the cusps, etc., make the form nearly square. \ (n.) A square or lozenge-shaped paving tile. \ (n.) A glazier's diamond. \ (n.) A four-sided cutting tool or chisel having a diamond-shaped end. \ (n.) A breach of concord, amity, or obligation; a falling out; a difference; a disagreement; an antagonism in opinion, feeling, or conduct; esp., an angry dispute, contest, or strife; a brawl; an altercation; as, he had a quarrel with his father about expenses. \ (n.) Ground of objection, dislike, difference, or hostility; cause of dispute or contest; occasion of altercation. \ (n.) Earnest desire or longing. \ (v. i.) To violate concord or agreement; to have a difference; to fall out; to be or become antagonistic. \ (v. i.) To dispute angrily, or violently; to wrangle; to scold; to altercate; to contend; to fight. \ (v. i.) To find fault; to cavil, to quarrel with one's lot. \ (v. t.) To quarrel with. \ (v. t.) To compel by a quarrel, to quarrel a man out of his estate or rights. \ (n.) One who quarrels or wrangles; one who is quarrelsome.
insert pack (n.) A pact. \ (n.) A bundle made up and prepared to be carried; especially, a bundle to be carried on the back; a load for an animal; a bale, as of goods. \ (n.) A number or quantity equal to the contents of a pack; hence, a multitude; a burden. \ (n.) A number or quantity of connected or similar things \ (n.) A full set of playing cards; also, the assortment used in a particular game; as, a euchre pack. \ (n.) A number of hounds or dogs, hunting or kept together. \ (n.) A number of persons associated or leagued in a bad design or practice; a gang, a pack of thieves or knaves. \ (n.) A shook of cask staves. \ (n.) A bundle of sheet-iron plates for rolling simultaneously. \ (n.) A large area of floating pieces of ice driven together more or less closely. \ (n.) An envelope, or wrapping, of sheets used in hydropathic practice, called dry pack, wet pack, cold pack, etc., according to the method of treatment. \ (n.) A loose, lewd, or worthless person. See Baggage. \ (n.) To make a pack of; to arrange closely and securely in a pack, to place and arrange compactly as in a pack; to press into close order or narrow compass; as to pack goods in a box; to pack fish. \ (n.) To fill in the manner of a pack, that is, compactly and securely, as for transportation, to fill closely or to repletion; to stow away within; to cause to be full; to crowd into, to pack a trunk; the play, or the audience, packs the theater. \ (n.) To sort and arrange (the cards) in a pack so as to secure the game unfairly. \ (n.) Hence: To bring together or make up unfairly and fraudulently, in order to secure a certain result, to pack a jury or a causes. \ (n.) To contrive unfairly or fraudulently; to plot. \ (n.) To load with a pack, to load; to encumber, to pack a horse. \ (n.) To cause to go; to send away with baggage or belongings; esp., to send away peremptorily or suddenly; -- sometimes with off, to pack a boy off to school. \ (n.) To transport in a pack, or in the manner of a pack (i. e., on the backs of men or beasts). \ (n.) To envelop in a wet or dry sheet, within numerous coverings. See Pack, n., 5. \ (n.) To render impervious, as by filling or surrounding with suitable material, or to fit or adjust so as to move without giving passage to air, water, or steam, to pack a joint; to pack the piston of a steam engine. \ (v. i.) To make up packs, bales, or bundles; to stow articles securely for transportation. \ (v. i.) To admit of stowage, or of making up for transportation or storage; to become compressed or to settle together, so as to form a compact mass, the goods pack conveniently; wet snow packs well. \ (v. i.) To gather in flocks or schools, the grouse or the perch begin to pack. \ (v. i.) To depart in haste; -- generally with off or away. \ (v. i.) To unite in bad measures; to confederate for ill purposes; to join in collusion. \ (n.) The forwards who compose one half of the scrummage, the scrummage.
insert at prep. in or near ("at the edge"); where ("look at"); when ("at noon") \ (prep.) Primarily, this word expresses the relations of presence, nearness in place or time, or direction toward; as, at the ninth hour; at the house; to aim at a mark. It is less definite than in or on; at the house may be in or near the house. From this original import are derived all the various uses of at. \ (prep.) A relation of proximity to, or of presence in or on, something, at the door; at your shop; at home; at school; at hand; at sea and on land. \ (prep.) The relation of some state or condition, at war; at peace; at ease; at your service; at fault; at liberty; at risk; at disadvantage. \ (prep.) The relation of some employment or action; occupied with, at engraving; at husbandry; at play; at work; at meat (eating); except at puns. \ (prep.) The relation of a point or position in a series, or of degree, rate, or value, with the thermometer at 80; goods sold at a cheap price; a country estimated at 10,000 square miles; life is short at the longest. \ (prep.) The relations of time, age, or order, at ten o'clock; at twenty-one; at once; at first. \ (prep.) The relations of source, occasion, reason, consequence, or effect, at the sight; at this news; merry at anything; at this declaration; at his command; to demand, require, receive, deserve, endure at your hands. \ (prep.) Relation of direction toward an object or end, look at it; to point at one; to aim at a mark; to throw, strike, shoot, wink, mock, laugh at any one.
insert complain (v. i.) To give utterance to expression of grief, pain, censure, regret. etc.; to lament; to murmur; to find fault; -- commonly used with of. Also, to creak or squeak, as a timber or wheel. \ (v. i.) To make a formal accusation; to make a charge. \ (v. t.) To lament; to bewail.
insert fruit n. food from trees and plants \ (v. t.) Whatever is produced for the nourishment or enjoyment of man or animals by the processes of vegetable growth, as corn, grass, cotton, flax, etc.; -- commonly used in the plural. \ (v. t.) The pulpy, edible seed vessels of certain plants, especially those grown on branches above ground, as apples, oranges, grapes, melons, berries, etc. See 3. \ (v. t.) The ripened ovary of a flowering plant, with its contents and whatever parts are consolidated with it. \ (v. t.) The spore cases or conceptacles of flowerless plants, as of ferns, mosses, algae, with the spores contained in them. \ (v. t.) The produce of animals; offspring; young; as, the fruit of the womb, of the loins, of the body. \ (v. t.) That which is produced; the effect or consequence of any action; advantageous or desirable product or result; disadvantageous or evil consequence or effect, the fruits of labor, of self-denial, of intemperance. \ (v. i.) To bear fruit.
insert or conj. giving another of two choices; giving the last of several choices \ (conj.) A particle that marks an alternative; as, you may read or may write, -- that is, you may do one of the things at your pleasure, but not both. It corresponds to either. You may ride either to London or to Windsor. It often connects a series of words or propositions, presenting a choice of either, he may study law, or medicine, or divinity, or he may enter into trade. \ (prep. & adv.) Ere; before; sooner than. \ (n.) Yellow or gold color, -- represented in drawing or engraving by small dots.
insert unfortunate (a.) Not fortunate; unsuccessful; not prosperous; unlucky; attended with misfortune; unhappy; as, an unfortunate adventure; an unfortunate man; an unfortunate commander; unfortunate business. \ (n.) An unfortunate person.
insert toss (v. t.) To throw with the hand; especially, to throw with the palm of the hand upward, or to throw upward; as, to toss a ball. \ (v. t.) To lift or throw up with a sudden or violent motion, to toss the head. \ (v. t.) To cause to rise and fall, a ship tossed on the waves in a storm. \ (v. t.) To agitate; to make restless. \ (v. t.) Hence, to try; to harass. \ (v. t.) To keep in play; to tumble over, to spend four years in tossing the rules of grammar. \ (v. i.) To roll and tumble; to be in violent commotion; to write; to fling. \ (v. i.) To be tossed, as a fleet on the ocean. \ (n.) A throwing upward, or with a jerk; the act of tossing, the toss of a ball. \ (n.) A throwing up of the head; a particular manner of raising the head with a jerk.
insert symbol (n.) A visible sign or representation of an idea; anything which suggests an idea or quality, or another thing, as by resemblance or by convention; an emblem; a representation; a type; a figure; as, the lion is the symbol of courage; the lamb is the symbol of meekness or patience. \ (n.) Any character used to represent a quantity, an operation, a relation, or an abbreviation. \ (n.) An abstract or compendium of faith or doctrine; a creed, or a summary of the articles of religion. \ (n.) That which is thrown into a common fund; hence, an appointed or accustomed duty. \ (n.) Share; allotment. \ (n.) An abbreviation standing for the name of an element and consisting of the initial letter of the Latin or New Latin name, or sometimes of the initial letter with a following one, C for carbon, Na for sodium (Natrium), Fe for iron (Ferrum), Sn for tin (Stannum), Sb for antimony (Stibium), etc. See the list of names and symbols under Element. \ (v. t.) To symbolize.
insert exist v. to be; to live \ (v. i.) To be as a fact and not as a mode; to have an actual or real being, whether material or spiritual. \ (v. i.) To be manifest in any manner; to continue to be; as, great evils existed in his reign. \ (v. i.) To live; to have life or the functions of vitality, men can not exist water, nor fishes on land.
insert over conj. above; covering; across, in or on every part of ("all over the world") \ (prep.) Above, or higher than, in place or position, with the idea of covering; -- opposed to under; as, clouds are over our heads; the smoke rises over the city. \ (prep.) Across; from side to side of; -- implying a passing or moving, either above the substance or thing, or on the surface of it, a dog leaps over a stream or a table. \ (prep.) Upon the surface of, or the whole surface of; hither and thither upon; throughout the whole extent of, to wander over the earth; to walk over a field, or over a city. \ (prep.) Above; -- implying superiority in excellence, dignity, condition, or value, the advantages which the Christian world has over the heathen. \ (prep.) Above in authority or station; -- implying government, direction, care, attention, guard, responsibility, etc.; -- opposed to under. \ (prep.) Across or during the time of; from beginning to end of, to keep anything over night; to keep corn over winter. \ (prep.) Above the perpendicular height or length of, with an idea of measurement, the water, or the depth of water, was over his head, over his shoes. \ (prep.) Beyond; in excess of; in addition to; more than, it cost over five dollars. \ (prep.) Above, implying superiority after a contest; in spite of; notwithstanding, he triumphed over difficulties; the bill was passed over the veto. \ (adv.) From one side to another; from side to side; crosswise, a board, or a tree, a foot over, i. e., a foot in diameter. \ (adv.) From one person or place to another regarded as on the opposite side of a space or barrier; -- used with verbs of motion, to sail over to England; to hand over the money; to go over to the enemy. \ (adv.) Also, with verbs of being: At, or on, the opposite side, the boat is over. \ (adv.) From beginning to end; throughout the course, extent, or expanse of anything, to look over accounts, or a stock of goods; a dress covered over with jewels. \ (adv.) From inside to outside, above or across the brim. \ (adv.) Beyond a limit; hence, in excessive degree or quantity; superfluously; with repetition, to do the whole work over. \ (adv.) In a manner to bring the under side to or towards the top, to turn (one's self) over; to roll a stone over; to turn over the leaves; to tip over a cart. \ (adv.) At an end; beyond the limit of continuance; completed; finished. \ (a.) Upper; higher; superior; also, excessive; too much or too great; -- chiefly used in composition, overshoes, overcoat, over-garment, overlord, overwork, overhaste. \ (n.) A certain number of balls (usually four) delivered successively from behind one wicket, after which the ball is bowled from behind the other wicket as many times, the fielders changing places.
insert square n. a flat shape having four equal sides \ (n.) The corner, or angle, of a figure. \ (n.) A parallelogram having four equal sides and four right angles. \ (n.) Hence, anything which is square, or nearly so \ (n.) A square piece or fragment. \ (n.) A pane of glass. \ (n.) A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; -- used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers. \ (n.) One hundred superficial feet. \ (n.) An area of four sides, generally with houses on each side; sometimes, a solid block of houses; also, an open place or area for public use, as at the meeting or intersection of two or more streets. \ (n.) An instrument having at least one right angle and two or more straight edges, used to lay out or test square work. It is of several forms, as the T square, the carpenter's square, the try-square., etc. \ (n.) Hence, a pattern or rule. \ (n.) The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; thus, 64 is the square of 8, for 8 \ (n.) Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule. \ (n.) A body of troops formed in a square, esp. one formed to resist a charge of cavalry; a squadron. \ (n.) Fig.: The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level. \ (n.) The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate. \ (n.) The act of squaring, or quarreling; a quarrel. \ (n.) The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered. \ (a.) Having four equal sides and four right angles; as, a square figure. \ (a.) Forming a right angle, a square corner. \ (a.) Having a shape broad for the height, with rectilineal and angular rather than curving outlines, a man of a square frame. \ (a.) Exactly suitable or correspondent; true; just. \ (a.) Rendering equal justice; exact; fair; honest, as square dealing. \ (a.) Even; leaving no balance, to make or leave the accounts square. \ (a.) Leaving nothing; hearty; vigorous. \ (a.) At right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; -- said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced. \ (n.) To form with four sides and four right angles. \ (n.) To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces, to square mason's work. \ (n.) To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard. \ (n.) To adjust; to regulate; to mold; to shape; to fit, to square our actions by the opinions of others. \ (n.) To make even, so as leave no remainder of difference; to balance, to square accounts. \ (n.) To multiply by itself, to square a number or a quantity. \ (n.) To hold a quartile position respecting. \ (n.) To place at right angles with the keel, to square the yards. \ (v. i.) To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to conform or agree; to suit; to fit. \ (v. i.) To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel. \ (v. i.) To take a boxing attitude; -- often with up, sometimes with off. / 8 = 64; the square of a + b is a2 + 2ab + b2.
insert quiet ad. with little or no noise; having little or no movement; calm \ (a.) In a state of rest or calm; without stir, motion, or agitation; still; as, a quiet sea; quiet air. \ (a.) Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still. \ (a.) Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled, a quiet life; a quiet conscience. \ (a.) Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented. \ (a.) Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative, a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement. \ (a.) The quality or state of being quiet, or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet. \ (a.) Freedom from disturbance, noise, or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security. \ (v. t.) To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest, or of silence. \ (v. t.) To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize, to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief. \ (v. i.) To become still, silent, or calm; -- often with down, be soon quieted down.
insert location (n.) The act or process of locating. \ (n.) Situation; place; locality. \ (n.) That which is located; a tract of land designated in place. \ (n.) A leasing on rent. \ (n.) A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a person, for hire. \ (n.) The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an entry, plan, map, etc.
insert robot a machine that moves and performs tasks
insert detail n. a small part of something; a small piece of information \ (n.) A minute portion; one of the small parts; a particular; an item; -- used chiefly in the plural; as, the details of a scheme or transaction. \ (n.) A narrative which relates minute points; an account which dwells on particulars. \ (n.) The selection for a particular service of a person or a body of men; hence, the person or the body of men so selected. \ (n.) To relate in particulars; to particularize; to report minutely and distinctly; to enumerate; to specify, he detailed all the facts in due order. \ (n.) To tell off or appoint for a particular service, as an officer, a troop, or a squadron. \ (n.) A minor part, in a building, the cornice, caps of the buttresses, capitals of the columns, etc., or (called larger details) a porch, a gable with its windows, a pavilion, or an attached tower. \ (n.) A detail drawing.
insert saucer (n.) A small pan or vessel in which sauce was set on a table. \ (n.) A small dish, commonly deeper than a plate, in which a cup is set at table. \ (n.) Something resembling a saucer in shape. \ (n.) A flat, shallow caisson for raising sunken ships. \ (n.) A shallow socket for the pivot of a capstan.
insert publish v. to make public something that is written; to include something in a book, newspaper or magazine \ (v. t.) To make public; to make known to mankind, or to people in general; to divulge, as a private transaction; to promulgate or proclaim, as a law or an edict. \ (v. t.) To make known by posting, or by reading in a church; as, to publish banns of marriage. \ (v. t.) To send forth, as a book, newspaper, musical piece, or other printed work, either for sale or for general distribution; to print, and issue from the press. \ (v. t.) To utter, or put into circulation, to publish counterfeit paper.
insert curve (a.) Bent without angles; crooked; curved; as, a curve line; a curve surface. \ (a.) A bending without angles; that which is bent; a flexure, a curve in a railway or canal. \ (a.) A line described according to some low, and having no finite portion of it a straight line. \ (a.) To bend; to crook, to curve a line; to curve a pipe; to cause to swerve from a straight course, to curve a ball in pitching it. \ (v. i.) To bend or turn gradually from a given direction, the road curves to the right.
insert lead v. to show the way; to command; to control; to go first \ (n.) One of the elements, a heavy, pliable, inelastic metal, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished. It is both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity, and is used for tubes, sheets, bullets, etc. Its specific gravity is 11.37. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic weight, 206.4. Symbol Pb (L. Plumbum). It is chiefly obtained from the mineral galena, lead sulphide. \ (n.) An article made of lead or an alloy of lead \ (n.) A plummet or mass of lead, used in sounding at sea. \ (n.) A thin strip of type metal, used to separate lines of type in printing. \ (n.) Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs; hence, pl., a roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates. \ (n.) A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago, used in pencils. \ (v. t.) To cover, fill, or affect with lead; as, continuous firing leads the grooves of a rifle. \ (v. t.) To place leads between the lines of, to lead a page; leaded matter. \ (v. t.) To guide or conduct with the hand, or by means of some physical contact connection, a father leads a child; a jockey leads a horse with a halter; a dog leads a blind man. \ (v. t.) To guide or conduct in a certain course, or to a certain place or end, by making the way known; to show the way, esp. by going with or going in advance of. Hence, figuratively: To direct; to counsel; to instruct, to lead a traveler; to lead a pupil. \ (v. t.) To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of, to lead an army, an exploring party, or a search; to lead a political party. \ (v. t.) To go or to be in advance of; to precede, to be foremost or chief among, the big sloop led the fleet of yachts; the Guards led the attack; Demosthenes leads the orators of all ages. \ (v. t.) To draw or direct by influence, whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure, to lead one to espouse a righteous cause. \ (v. t.) To guide or conduct one's self in, through, or along (a certain course), to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also, to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course). \ (v. t.) To begin a game, round, or trick, with, to lead trumps; the double five was led. \ (v. i.) To guide or conduct, as by accompanying, going before, showing, influencing, directing with authority, etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; -- used in most of the senses of lead, v. t. \ (v. t.) To tend or reach in a certain direction, or to a certain place, the path leads to the mill; gambling leads to other vices. \ (n.) The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction, to take the lead; to be under the lead of another. \ (n.) precedence; advance position; also, the measure of precedence, the white horse had the lead; a lead of a boat's length, or of half a second. \ (n.) An open way in an ice field. \ (n.) A lode.
insert mass n. an amount of matter having no special form and usually of a large size
insert bomb n. a device that explodes with great force; v. to attack or destroy with bombs \ (n.) A great noise; a hollow sound. \ (n.) A shell; esp. a spherical shell, like those fired from mortars. See Shell. \ (n.) A bomb ketch. \ (v. t.) To bombard. \ (v. i.) To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound.
insert parent n. a father or mother \ (n.) One who begets, or brings forth, offspring; a father or a mother. \ (n.) That which produces; cause; source; author; begetter; as, idleness is the parent of vice.
insert engine n. a machine that uses energy to cause movement or to do work \ (n.) (Pronounced, in this sense, ////.) Natural capacity; ability; skill. \ (n.) Anything used to effect a purpose; any device or contrivance; an agent. \ (n.) Any instrument by which any effect is produced; especially, an instrument or machine of war or torture. \ (n.) A compound machine by which any physical power is applied to produce a given physical effect. \ (v. t.) To assault with an engine. \ (v. t.) To equip with an engine; -- said especially of steam vessels; as, vessels are often built by one firm and engined by another. \ (v. t.) (Pronounced, in this sense, /////.) To rack; to torture.
insert jet (n.) Same as 2d Get. \ (n.) A variety of lignite, of a very compact texture and velvet black color, susceptible of a good polish, and often wrought into mourning jewelry, toys, buttons, etc. Formerly called also black amber. \ (n.) A shooting forth; a spouting; a spurt; a sudden rush or gush, as of water from a pipe, or of flame from an orifice; also, that which issues in a jet. \ (n.) Drift; scope; range, as of an argument. \ (n.) The sprue of a type, which is broken from it when the type is cold. \ (v. i.) To strut; to walk with a lofty or haughty gait; to be insolent; to obtrude. \ (v. i.) To jerk; to jolt; to be shaken. \ (v. i.) To shoot forward or out; to project; to jut out. \ (v. t.) To spout; to emit in a stream or jet.
insert indoor (a.) Done or being within doors; within a house or institution; domestic; as, indoor work.
insert powder (n.) The fine particles to which any dry substance is reduced by pounding, grinding, or triturating, or into which it falls by decay; dust. \ (n.) An explosive mixture used in gunnery, blasting, etc.; gunpowder. See Gunpowder. \ (v. t.) To reduce to fine particles; to pound, grind, or rub into a powder; to comminute; to pulverize; to triturate. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with powder, or as with powder; to be sprinkle; as, to powder the hair. \ (v. t.) To sprinkle with salt; to corn, as meat. \ (v. i.) To be reduced to powder; to become like powder, some salts powder easily. \ (v. i.) To use powder on the hair or skin, she paints and powders.
insert this pro. of or about the person, place or thing nearby that has been spoken about already \ (pron. & a.) As a demonstrative pronoun, this denotes something that is present or near in place or time, or something just mentioned, or that is just about to be mentioned. \ (pron. & a.) As an adjective, this has the same demonstrative force as the pronoun, but is followed by a noun; as, this book; this way to town.
insert sandal (n.) Same as Sendal. \ (n.) Sandalwood. \ (n.) A kind of shoe consisting of a sole strapped to the foot; a protection for the foot, covering its lower surface, but not its upper. \ (n.) A kind of slipper. \ (n.) An overshoe with parallel openings across the instep.
insert bowling (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Bowl \ (n.) The act of playing at or rolling bowls, or of rolling the ball at cricket; the game of bowls or of tenpins.
insert chemical (a.) Pertaining to chemistry; characterized or produced by the forces and operations of chemistry; employed in the processes of chemistry; as, chemical changes; chemical combinations. \ (n.) A substance used for producing a chemical effect; a reagent.
insert gather v. to bring or come together into a group or place; to collect \ (v. t.) To bring together; to collect, as a number of separate things, into one place, or into one aggregate body; to assemble; to muster; to congregate. \ (v. t.) To pick out and bring together from among what is of less value, as a harvest; to harvest; to cull; to pick off; to pluck. \ (v. t.) To accumulate by collecting and saving little by little; to amass; to gain; to heap up. \ (v. t.) To bring closely together the parts or particles of; to contract; to compress; to bring together in folds or plaits, as a garment; also, to draw together, as a piece of cloth by a thread; to pucker; to plait; as, to gather a ruffle. \ (v. t.) To derive, or deduce, as an inference, as a conclusion, from circumstances that suggest, or arguments that prove; to infer; to conclude. \ (v. t.) To gain; to win. \ (v. t.) To bring together, or nearer together, in masonry, as where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue, or the like. \ (v. t.) To haul in; to take up, to gather the slack of a rope. \ (v. i.) To come together; to unite; to become assembled; to congregate. \ (v. i.) To grow larger by accretion; to increase. \ (v. i.) To concentrate; to come to a head, as a sore, and generate pus, a boil has gathered. \ (v. i.) To collect or bring things together. \ (n.) A plait or fold in cloth, made by drawing a thread through it; a pucker. \ (n.) The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward. \ (n.) The soffit or under surface of the masonry required in gathering. See Gather, v. t., 7.
insert grass n. a plant with long, narrow, green leaves \ (n.) Popularly: Herbage; the plants which constitute the food of cattle and other beasts; pasture. \ (n.) An endogenous plant having simple leaves, a stem generally jointed and tubular, the husks or glumes in pairs, and the seed single. \ (n.) The season of fresh grass; spring. \ (n.) Metaphorically used for what is transitory. \ (v. t.) To cover with grass or with turf. \ (v. t.) To expose, as flax, on the grass for bleaching, etc. \ (v. t.) To bring to the grass or ground; to land; as, to grass a fish. \ (v. i.) To produce grass.
insert desire v. to want very much; to wish for \ (v. t.) To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet. \ (v. t.) To express a wish for; to entreat; to request. \ (v. t.) To require; to demand; to claim. \ (v. t.) To miss; to regret. \ (v. t.) The natural longing that is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of any good, and impels to action or effort its continuance or possession; an eager wish to obtain or enjoy. \ (v. t.) An expressed wish; a request; petition. \ (v. t.) Anything which is desired; an object of longing. \ (v. t.) Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite. \ (v. t.) Grief; regret.
insert danger n. a strong chance of suffering injury, damage or loss \ (n.) Authority; jurisdiction; control. \ (n.) Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty. \ (n.) Exposure to injury, loss, pain, or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity. \ (n.) Difficulty; sparingness. \ (n.) Coyness; disdainful behavior. \ (v. t.) To endanger.
insert fifth (a.) Next in order after the fourth; -- the ordinal of five. \ (a.) Consisting of one of five equal divisions of a thing. \ (n.) The quotient of a unit divided by five; one of five equal parts; a fifth part. \ (n.) The interval of three tones and a semitone, embracing five diatonic degrees of the scale; the dominant of any key.
insert scientist (n.) One learned in science; a scientific investigator; one devoted to scientific study; a savant.
insert many ad. a large number or amount of \ (n.) A retinue of servants; a household. \ (a. \ (a.) The populace; the common people; the majority of people, or of a community. \ (a.) A large or considerable number. / pron.) Consisting of a great number; numerous; not few.
insert evidence n. material or facts that prove something; a reason for believing \ (n.) That which makes evident or manifest; that which furnishes, or tends to furnish, proof; any mode of proof; the ground of belief or judgement; as, the evidence of our senses; evidence of the truth or falsehood of a statement. \ (n.) One who bears witness. \ (n.) That which is legally submitted to competent tribunal, as a means of ascertaining the truth of any alleged matter of fact under investigation before it; means of making proof; -- the latter, strictly speaking, not being synonymous with evidence, but rather the effect of it. \ (v. t.) To render evident or clear; to prove; to evince, to evidence a fact, or the guilt of an offender.
insert final ad. at the end; last \ (a.) Pertaining to the end or conclusion; last; terminating; ultimate; as, the final day of a school term. \ (a.) Conclusive; decisive, a final judgment; the battle of Waterloo brought the contest to a final issue. \ (a.) Respecting an end or object to be gained; respecting the purpose or ultimate end in view.
insert belt (n.) That which engirdles a person or thing; a band or girdle; as, a lady's belt; a sword belt. \ (n.) That which restrains or confines as a girdle. \ (n.) Anything that resembles a belt, or that encircles or crosses like a belt; a strip or stripe, a belt of trees; a belt of sand. \ (n.) Same as Band, n., 2. A very broad band is more properly termed a belt. \ (n.) One of certain girdles or zones on the surface of the planets Jupiter and Saturn, supposed to be of the nature of clouds. \ (n.) A narrow passage or strait, the Great Belt and the Lesser Belt, leading to the Baltic Sea. \ (n.) A token or badge of knightly rank. \ (n.) A band of leather, or other flexible substance, passing around two wheels, and communicating motion from one to the other. \ (n.) A band or stripe, as of color, round any organ; or any circular ridge or series of ridges. \ (v. t.) To encircle with, or as with, a belt; to encompass; to surround. \ (v. t.) To shear, as the buttocks and tails of sheep.
insert morning n. the early part of the day, from sunrise until noon \ (a.) Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as, morning dew; morning light; morning service.
insert notice (n.) The act of noting, remarking, or observing; observation by the senses or intellect; cognizance; note. \ (n.) Intelligence, by whatever means communicated; knowledge given or received; means of knowledge; express notification; announcement; warning. \ (n.) An announcement, often accompanied by comments or remarks; as, book notices; theatrical notices. \ (n.) A writing communicating information or warning. \ (n.) Attention; respectful treatment; civility. \ (v. t.) To observe; to see to mark; to take note of; to heed; to pay attention to. \ (v. t.) To show that one has observed; to take public note of; remark upon; to make comments on; to refer to, to notice a book. \ (v. t.) To treat with attention and civility, to notice strangers.
insert wedding (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Wed \ (n.) Nuptial ceremony; nuptial festivities; marriage; nuptials.
